'Displacement ventilation with large natural inlets can move stale air
directly to the exhaust in laminar flow while significantly reducing
the concentration of droplets and particles. Passive ventilation
reduces energy consumption and maintenance costs but may lack
controllability and heat recovery. Displacement ventilation can also
be achieved mechanically with higher energy and maintenance costs. The
use of large ducts and openings helps to prevent mixing in closed
environments. Recirculation and mixing should be avoided because
recirculation prevents dilution of harmful particles and redistributes
possibly contaminated air, and mixing increases the concentration and
range of infectious particles and keeps larger particles in the
air.\n', 'However, from the evidence base, it is difficult to conclude
whether pregnant women are at increased risk of grave consequences of
this virus.\n', 'Meteora sold more than 800,000 copies during its
first week, and it ranked as the best selling album on the Billboard
charts at the time. The album\'s singles, including "Somewhere I
Belong", "Breaking the Habit", "Faint", and "Numb", received
significant radio attention. By October 2003, Meteora sold nearly
three million copies. The album\'s success allowed Linkin Park to form
another Projekt Revolution, which featured other bands and artists
including Mudvayne, Blindside, and Xzibit. Additionally, Metallica
invited Linkin Park to play at the Summer Sanitarium Tour 2003, which
included well-known acts such as Limp Bizkit, Mudvayne and Deftones.
The band released an album and DVD, titled Live in Texas, which
featured some audio and video tracks from the band\'s performances in
Texas during the tour. In early 2004, Linkin Park started a world tour
titled the Meteora World Tour. Supporting bands on the tour included
Hoobastank, P.O.D., and Story of the Year.\n', 'In late 2019, the WHO
assigned emergency ICD-10 disease codes U07.1 for deaths from lab-
confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection and U07.2 for deaths from clinically or
epidemiologically diagnosed COVID 19 without lab-confirmed SARS-CoV-2
infection.\n', 'It is also assumed that those that are
immunocompromised are at higher risk of getting severely sick from
SARS-CoV-2. One research study that looked into the COVID 19
infections in hospitalised kidney transplant recipients found a
mortality rate of 11%.\n', 'Modelling research has been conducted with
several objectives, including predictions of the dynamics of
transmission, diagnosis and prognosis of infection, estimation of the
impact of interventions, or allocation of resources. Modelling studies
are mostly based on compartmental models in epidemiology, estimating
the number of infected people over time under given conditions.
Several other types of models have been developed and used during the
COVID 19 pandemic including computational fluid dynamics models to
study the flow physics of COVID 19, retrofits of crowd movement models
to study occupant exposure, mobility-data based models to investigate
transmission, or the use of macroeconomic models to assess the
economic impact of the pandemic.\n', "The new ideals of humanism,
although more secular in some aspects, developed against a Christian
backdrop, especially in the Northern Renaissance. Much, if not most,
of the new art was commissioned by or in dedication to the Church.
However, the Renaissance had a profound effect on contemporary
theology, particularly in the way people perceived the relationship
between man and God. Many of the period's foremost theologians were
followers of the humanist method, including Erasmus, Huldrych Zwingli,
Thomas More, Martin Luther, and John Calvin.\n", 'In September 2020,
the WHO released updated guidance on using corticosteroids for COVID
19. The WHO recommends systemic corticosteroids rather than no
systemic corticosteroids for the treatment of people with severe and
critical COVID 19 (strong recommendation, based on moderate certainty
evidence). The WHO suggests not to use corticosteroids in the
treatment of people with non-severe COVID 19 (conditional
recommendation, based on low certainty evidence). The updated guidance
was based on a meta-analysis of clinical trials of critically ill
COVID 19 patients.\n', "Matthias started at least two major building
projects. The works in Buda and Visegr d began in about 1479. Two new
wings and a hanging garden were built at the royal castle of Buda, and
the palace at Visegr d was rebuilt in Renaissance style. Matthias
appointed the Italian Chimenti Camicia and the Dalmatian Giovanni
Dalmata to direct these projects.  Matthias commissioned the leading
Italian artists of his age to embellish his palaces: for instance, the
sculptor Benedetto da Majano and the painters Filippino Lippi and
Andrea Mantegna worked for him. A copy of Mantegna's portrait of
Matthias survived. Matthias also hired the Italian military engineer
Aristotele Fioravanti to direct the rebuilding of the forts along the
southern frontier. He had new monasteries built in Late Gothic style
for the Franciscans in Kolozsv r, Szeged and Hunyad, and for the
Paulines in Fej regyh za.  In the spring of 1485, Leonardo da Vinci
travelled to Hungary on behalf of Sforza to meet king Matthias
Corvinus, and was commissioned by him to paint a Madonna.\n"