'Humans appear to be capable of spreading the virus to some other
animals, a type of disease transmission referred to as
zooanthroponosis.\n', "By the 15th century, writers, artists, and
architects in Italy were well aware of the transformations that were
taking place and were using phrases such as modi antichi (in the
antique manner) or alle romana et alla antica (in the manner of the
Romans and the ancients) to describe their work. In the 1330s Petrarch
referred to pre-Christian times as antiqua (ancient) and to the
Christian period as nova (new). From Petrarch's Italian perspective,
this new period (which included his own time) was an age of national
eclipse.\nLeonardo Bruni was the first to use tripartite periodization
in his History of the Florentine People (1442). Bruni's first two
periods were based on those of Petrarch, but he added a third period
because he believed that Italy was no longer in a state of decline.
Flavio Biondo used a similar framework in Decades of History from the
Deterioration of the Roman Empire (1439 1453).\n", 'Among healthy
adults not exposed to SARS-CoV-2, about 35% have CD4+ T cells that
recognise the SARS-CoV-2 S protein (particularly the S2 subunit) and
about 50% react to other proteins of the virus, suggesting cross-
reactivity from previous common colds caused by other
coronaviruses.\n', "The long-imagined south polar continent was
eventually sighted in 1820. Throughout the Renaissance it had been
known as Terra Australis, or 'Australia' for short. However, after
that name was transferred to New Holland in the nineteenth century,
the new name of 'Antarctica' was bestowed on the south polar
continent.\n", 'Genetics plays an important role in the ability to
fight off Covid. For instance, those that do not produce detectable
type I interferons or produce auto-antibodies against these may get
much sicker from COVID 19. Genetic screening is able to detect
interferon effector genes. Some genetic variants are risk factors in
specific populations. For instance, an allele of the DOCK2 gene
(dedicator of cytokinesis 2 gene) is a common risk factor in Asian
populations but much less common in Europe. The mutation leads to
lower expression of DOCK2 especially in younger patients with severe
Covid. In fact, many other genes and genetic variants have been found
that determine the outcome of SARS-CoV-2 infections.\n', 'The
treatment and management of COVID-19 combines both supportive care,
which includes treatment to relieve symptoms, fluid therapy, oxygen
support as needed, and a growing list of approved medications. Highly
effective vaccines have reduced mortality related to SARS-CoV-2;
however, for those awaiting vaccination, as well as for the estimated
millions of immunocompromised persons who are unlikely to respond
robustly to vaccination, treatment remains important.  Some people may
experience persistent symptoms or disability after recovery from the
infection, known as long COVID, but there is still limited information
on the best management and rehabilitation for this condition.\n', 'The
standard methods of testing for presence of SARS-CoV-2 are nucleic
acid tests, which detects the presence of viral RNA fragments. As
these tests detect RNA but not infectious virus, its "ability to
determine duration of infectivity of patients is limited". The test is
typically done on respiratory samples obtained by a nasopharyngeal
swab; however, a nasal swab or sputum sample may also be used. Results
are generally available within hours. The WHO has published several
testing protocols for the disease.\n', 'Some view this as a
"scientific revolution", heralding the beginning of the modern age,
others as an acceleration of a continuous process stretching from the
ancient world to the present day. Significant scientific advances were
made during this time by Galileo Galilei, Tycho Brahe, and Johannes
Kepler. Copernicus, in De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the
Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres), posited that the Earth moved
around the Sun. De humani corporis fabrica (On the Workings of the
Human Body) by Andreas Vesalius, gave a new confidence to the role of
dissection, observation, and the mechanistic view of anatomy.\n',
'Linkin Park combines elements of metal, industrial, punk, pop,
electronic, hip hop. More specifically, the band has been categorized
as alternative rock, nu metal, rap rock, rap metal, alternative metal,
electronic rock, pop rock, hard rock, and industrial rock.note 1
Despite being considered nu metal, the band never considered
themselves as such.\n', 'Leaders have called for efforts to research
and address the disparities. In the UK, a greater proportion of deaths
due to COVID 19 have occurred in those of a Black, Asian, and other
ethnic minority background. More severe impacts upon patients
including the relative incidence of the necessity of hospitalisation
requirements, and vulnerability to the disease has been associated via
DNA analysis to be expressed in genetic variants at chromosomal region
3, features that are associated with European Neanderthal heritage.
That structure imposes greater risks that those affected will develop
a more severe form of the disease. The findings are from Professor
Svante P bo and researchers he leads at the Max Planck Institute for
Evolutionary Anthropology and the Karolinska Institutet. This
admixture of modern human and Neanderthal genes is estimated to have
occurred roughly between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago in Southern
Europe.\n'