'The French psychotherapist and philosopher, F lix Guattari, rejected
its theoretical assumptions by arguing that the structuralist and
postmodernist visions of the world were not flexible enough to seek
explanations in psychological, social, and environmental domains at
the same time.\nIn an interview with Truls Lie, Jean Baudrillard
noted: "Transmodernism, etc. are better terms than "postmodernism". It
is not about modernity; it is about every system that has developed
its mode of expression to the extent that it surpasses itself and its
own logic. This is what I am trying to analyze." "There is no longer
any ontologically secret substance. I perceive this to be nihilism
rather than postmodernism."\n', 'In addition to the standard
periodization, proponents of a "long Renaissance" may put its
beginning in the 14th century and its end in the 17th century.c\n',
'The Wuhan Municipal Health Commission made the first public
announcement of a pneumonia outbreak of unknown cause on 31 December,
confirming 27 cases\xa0  enough to trigger an investigation.\n',
'Unlike with Latin texts, which had been preserved and studied in
Western Europe since late antiquity, the study of ancient Greek texts
was very limited in medieval Western Europe. Ancient Greek works on
science, mathematics, and philosophy had been studied since the High
Middle Ages in Western Europe and in the Islamic Golden Age (normally
in translation), but Greek literary, oratorical and historical works
(such as Homer, the Greek dramatists, Demosthenes and Thucydides) were
not studied in either the Latin or medieval Islamic worlds; in the
Middle Ages these sorts of texts were only studied by Byzantine
scholars. Some argue that the Timurid Renaissance in Samarkand and
Herat, whose magnificence toned with Florence as the center of a
cultural rebirth, were linked to the Ottoman Empire, whose conquests
led to the migration of Greek scholars to Italian cities.full citation
neededfull citation needed One of the greatest achievements of
Renaissance scholars was to bring this entire class of Greek cultural
works back into Western Europe for the first time since late
antiquity.\n', 'On many surfaces, including glass, some types of
plastic, stainless steel, and skin, the virus can remain infective for
several days indoors at room temperature, or even about a week under
ideal conditions. On some surfaces, including cotton fabric and
copper, the virus usually dies after a few hours. The virus dies
faster on porous surfaces than on non-porous surfaces due to capillary
action within pores and faster aerosol droplet evaporation. However,
of the many surfaces tested, two with the longest survival times are
N95 respirator masks and surgical masks, both of which are considered
porous surfaces.\n', "By the 15th century, writers, artists, and
architects in Italy were well aware of the transformations that were
taking place and were using phrases such as modi antichi (in the
antique manner) or alle romana et alla antica (in the manner of the
Romans and the ancients) to describe their work. In the 1330s Petrarch
referred to pre-Christian times as antiqua (ancient) and to the
Christian period as nova (new). From Petrarch's Italian perspective,
this new period (which included his own time) was an age of national
eclipse.\nLeonardo Bruni was the first to use tripartite periodization
in his History of the Florentine People (1442). Bruni's first two
periods were based on those of Petrarch, but he added a third period
because he believed that Italy was no longer in a state of decline.
Flavio Biondo used a similar framework in Decades of History from the
Deterioration of the Roman Empire (1439 1453).\n", 'In late 2019, the
WHO assigned emergency ICD-10 disease codes U07.1 for deaths from lab-
confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection and U07.2 for deaths from clinically or
epidemiologically diagnosed COVID 19 without lab-confirmed SARS-CoV-2
infection.\n', 'Men with untreated hypogonadism were 2.4 times more
likely than men with eugonadism to be hospitalised if they contracted
COVID-19; Hypogonad men treated with testosterone were less likely to
be hospitalised for COVID-19 than men who were not treated for
hypogonadism.\n', "The new ideals of humanism, although more secular
in some aspects, developed against a Christian backdrop, especially in
the Northern Renaissance. Much, if not most, of the new art was
commissioned by or in dedication to the Church. However, the
Renaissance had a profound effect on contemporary theology,
particularly in the way people perceived the relationship between man
and God. Many of the period's foremost theologians were followers of
the humanist method, including Erasmus, Huldrych Zwingli, Thomas More,
Martin Luther, and John Calvin.\n", 'In April 2012, the band announced
that Living Things would be the title of their fifth album and called
it a "return to form". Shinoda stated that they chose the title Living
Things because the album is more about people, personal interactions,
and it is far more personal than their previous albums. The album\'s
lead single, "Burn It Down", was released on April 16. The band
promoted the album on the 2012 edition of the Honda Civic Tour, with
co-headliners Incubus. Other singles from the album include "Lost in
the Echo", "Powerless", and Castle of Glass". The band performed "Burn
It Down" at 2012 Billboard Music Awards. On May 25, the band released
the music video for "Burn It Down" and debuted "Lies Greed Misery",
another song from Living Things. "Powerless", the twelfth and closing
track of the album, was featured in the closing credits of the film
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.\n'