'Following Meteora\'s success, the band worked on many side projects.
Bennington appeared on DJ Lethal\'s "State of the Art" and other work
with Dead by Sunrise, while Shinoda did work with Depeche Mode,
creating the remix song "Enjoy the Silence 04". In 2004, the band
began to work with Jay-Z to produce another remix album, titled
Collision Course. The album, which featured intermixed lyrics and
background tracks from both artists\' previous albums, debuted in
November 2004. Shinoda also formed Fort Minor as a side project. With
the aid of Jay-Z, Fort Minor released their debut album, The Rising
Tied, to critical acclaim.\n', 'The development of perspective was
part of a wider trend toward realism in the arts. Painters developed
other techniques, studying light, shadow, and, famously in the case of
Leonardo da Vinci, human anatomy. Underlying these changes in artistic
method was a renewed desire to depict the beauty of nature and to
unravel the axioms of aesthetics, with the works of Leonardo,
Michelangelo and Raphael representing artistic pinnacles that were
much imitated by other artists. Other notable artists include Sandro
Botticelli, working for the Medici in Florence, Donatello, another
Florentine, and Titian in Venice, among others.\n', 'Later Spanish
Renaissance tended toward religious themes and mysticism, with poets
such as Luis de Le n, Teresa of  vila, and John of the Cross, and
treated issues related to the exploration of the New World, with
chroniclers and writers such as Inca Garcilaso de la Vega and Bartolom
de las Casas, giving rise to a body of work, now known as Spanish
Renaissance literature. The late Renaissance in Spain produced artists
such as El Greco and composers such as Tom s Luis de Victoria and
Antonio de Cabez n.\n', 'Another common cause of death is
complications related to the kidneys. Early reports show that up to
30% of hospitalised patients both in China and in New York have
experienced some injury to their kidneys, including some persons with
no previous kidney problems.\n', "Many of the group's song lyrics deal
with alienation, introversion and personal struggle and suffering.\n",
'Science and art were intermingled in the early Renaissance, with
polymath artists such as Leonardo da Vinci making observational
drawings of anatomy and nature. Leonardo set up controlled experiments
in water flow, medical dissection, and systematic study of movement
and aerodynamics, and he devised principles of research method that
led Fritjof Capra to classify him as the "father of modern science".g
Other examples of Da Vinci\'s contribution during this period include
machines designed to saw marbles and lift monoliths, and new
discoveries in acoustics, botany, geology, anatomy, and mechanics.\n',
'Complications may include pneumonia, acute respiratory distress
syndrome (ARDS), multi-organ failure, septic shock, and death.
Cardiovascular complications may include heart failure, arrhythmias
(including atrial fibrillation), heart inflammation, and thrombosis,
particularly venous thromboembolism. Approximately 20 30% of people
who present with COVID 19 have elevated liver enzymes, reflecting
liver injury.\n', "The unique political structures of Italy during the
Late Middle Ages have led some to theorize that its unusual social
climate allowed the emergence of a rare cultural efflorescence. Italy
did not exist as a political entity in the early modern period.
Instead, it was divided into smaller city-states and territories: the
Neapolitans controlled the south, the Florentines and the Romans at
the center, the Milanese and the Genoese to the north and west
respectively, and the Venetians to the east. 15th-century Italy was
one of the most urbanized areas in Europe. Many of its cities stood
among the ruins of ancient Roman buildings; it seems likely that the
classical nature of the Renaissance was linked to its origin in the
Roman Empire's heartland.\n"