'By December 2019, the spread of infection was almost entirely driven
by human-to-human transmission. The number of COVID-19 cases in Hubei
gradually increased, reaching sixty by 20 December, and at least 266
by 31 December. On 24 December, Wuhan Central Hospital sent a
bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BAL) sample from an unresolved clinical
case to sequencing company Vision Medicals. On 27 and 28 December,
Vision Medicals informed the Wuhan Central Hospital and the Chinese
CDC of the results of the test, showing a new coronavirus. A pneumonia
cluster of unknown cause was observed on 26 December and treated by
the doctor Zhang Jixian in Hubei Provincial Hospital, who informed the
Wuhan Jianghan CDC on 27 December. On 30 December, a test report
addressed to Wuhan Central Hospital, from company CapitalBio Medlab,
stated an erroneous positive result for SARS, causing a group of
doctors at Wuhan Central Hospital to alert their colleagues and
relevant hospital authorities of the result. The Wuhan Municipal
Health Commission issued a notice to various medical institutions on
"the treatment of pneumonia of unknown cause" that same evening. Eight
of these doctors, including Li Wenliang (punished on 3\xa0January),
were later admonished by the police for spreading false rumours and
another, Ai Fen, was reprimanded by her superiors for raising the
alarm.\n', 'Postmodernism is an intellectual stance or mode of
discourse which challenges worldviews associated with Enlightenment
rationality dating back to the 17th century. Postmodernism is
associated with relativism and a focus on the role of ideology in the
maintenance of economic and political power. Postmodernists are
"skeptical of explanations which claim to be valid for all groups,
cultures, traditions, or races, and instead focuses on the relative
truths of each person". It considers "reality" to be a mental
construct. Postmodernism rejects the possibility of unmediated reality
or objectively-rational knowledge, asserting that all interpretations
are contingent on the perspective from which they are made; claims to
objective fact are dismissed as naive realism.\n', 'In the 15th
century, the Renaissance spread rapidly from its birthplace in
Florence to the rest of Italy and soon to the rest of Europe. The
invention of the printing press by German printer Johannes Gutenberg
allowed the rapid transmission of these new ideas. As it spread, its
ideas diversified and changed, being adapted to local culture. In the
20th century, scholars began to break the Renaissance into regional
and national movements.\n', 'Their fifth album, Living Things, is also
an electronic-heavy album, but includes other influences, resulting in
a harder sound by comparison. The band returned to a heavier sound
compared to their last three albums on The Hunting Party, which was
described as an alternative metal, nu metal, hard rock, rap rock, and
rap metal album. Their seventh album, One More Light, was described as
pop, pop rock and electropop.\n', 'The symptoms of COVID 19 are
variable but often include fever, fatigue, cough, breathing
difficulties, loss of smell, and loss of taste. Symptoms may begin one
to fourteen days after exposure to the virus. At least a third of
people who are infected do not develop noticeable symptoms. Of those
who develop symptoms noticeable enough to be classified as patients,
most (81%) develop mild to moderate symptoms (up to mild pneumonia),
while 14% develop severe symptoms (dyspnea, hypoxia, or more than 50%
lung involvement on imaging), and 5% develop critical symptoms
(respiratory failure, shock, or multiorgan dysfunction). Older people
are at a higher risk of developing severe symptoms. Some complications
result in death. Some people continue to experience a range of effects
(long COVID) for months or years after infection, and damage to organs
has been observed. Multi-year studies are underway to further
investigate the long-term effects of the disease.\n', 'On many
surfaces, including glass, some types of plastic, stainless steel, and
skin, the virus can remain infective for several days indoors at room
temperature, or even about a week under ideal conditions. On some
surfaces, including cotton fabric and copper, the virus usually dies
after a few hours. The virus dies faster on porous surfaces than on
non-porous surfaces due to capillary action within pores and faster
aerosol droplet evaporation. However, of the many surfaces tested, two
with the longest survival times are N95 respirator masks and surgical
masks, both of which are considered porous surfaces.\n', "Modernism
sought to design and plan cities that followed the logic of the new
model of industrial mass production; reverting to large-scale
solutions, aesthetic standardisation, and prefabricated design
solutions. Modernism eroded urban living by its failure to recognise
differences and aim towards homogeneous landscapes (Simonsen 1990,
57). Jane Jacobs' 1961 book The Death and Life of Great American
Cities was a sustained critique of urban planning as it had developed
within modernism and marked a transition from modernity to
postmodernity in thinking about urban planning.\n", 'The Swiss
historian Jacob Burckhardt (1818 1897) in his The Civilization of the
Renaissance in Italy (1860), by contrast, defined the Renaissance as
the period between Giotto and Michelangelo in Italy, that is, the 14th
to mid-16th centuries. He saw in the Renaissance the emergence of the
modern spirit of individuality, which the Middle Ages had stifled. His
book was widely read and became influential in the development of the
modern interpretation of the Italian Renaissance.\n', 'Tigers and
lions in zoos have become infected as a result of contact with
infected humans. As expected, monkeys and great ape species such as
orangutans can also be infected with the COVID 19 virus.\n',
'Neurologic manifestations include seizure, stroke, encephalitis, and
Guillain Barr  syndrome (which includes loss of motor functions).
Following the infection, children may develop paediatric multisystem
inflammatory syndrome, which has symptoms similar to Kawasaki disease,
which can be fatal. In very rare cases, acute encephalopathy can
occur, and it can be considered in those who have been diagnosed with
COVID 19 and have an altered mental status.\n'