'Rapid accumulation of knowledge, which has characterized the
development of science since the 17th century, had never occurred
before that time. The new kind of scientific activity emerged only in
a few countries of Western Europe, and it was restricted to that small
area for about two hundred years. (Since the 19th century, scientific
knowledge has been assimilated by the rest of the world).', 'The
standard methods of testing for presence of SARS-CoV-2 are nucleic
acid tests, which detects the presence of viral RNA fragments. As
these tests detect RNA but not infectious virus, its "ability to
determine duration of infectivity of patients is limited". The test is
typically done on respiratory samples obtained by a nasopharyngeal
swab; however, a nasal swab or sputum sample may also be used. Results
are generally available within hours. The WHO has published several
testing protocols for the disease.\n', "One theory that has been
advanced is that the devastation in Florence caused by the Black
Death, which hit Europe between 1348 and 1350, resulted in a shift in
the world view of people in 14th century Italy. Italy was particularly
badly hit by the plague, and it has been speculated that the resulting
familiarity with death caused thinkers to dwell more on their lives on
Earth, rather than on spirituality and the afterlife. It has also been
argued that the Black Death prompted a new wave of piety, manifested
in the sponsorship of religious works of art. However, this does not
fully explain why the Renaissance occurred specifically in Italy in
the 14th century. The Black Death was a pandemic that affected all of
Europe in the ways described, not only Italy. The Renaissance's
emergence in Italy was most likely the result of the complex
interaction of the above factors.\n", 'Chest CT scans may be helpful
to diagnose COVID 19 in individuals with a high clinical suspicion of
infection but are not recommended for routine screening. Bilateral
multilobar ground-glass opacities with a peripheral, asymmetric, and
posterior distribution are common in early infection. Subpleural
dominance, crazy paving (lobular septal thickening with variable
alveolar filling), and consolidation may appear as the disease
progresses. Characteristic imaging features on chest radiographs and
computed tomography (CT) of people who are symptomatic include
asymmetric peripheral ground-glass opacities without pleural
effusions.\n', "Tocilizumab has been included in treatment guidelines
by China's National Health Commission after a small study was
completed. It is undergoing a Phase\xa0II non-randomised trial at the
national level in Italy after showing positive results in people with
severe disease. Combined with a serum ferritin blood test to identify
a cytokine storm (also called cytokine storm syndrome, not to be
confused with cytokine release syndrome), it is meant to counter such
developments, which are thought to be the cause of death in some
affected people. The interleukin-6 receptor (IL-6R) antagonist was
approved by the FDA to undergo a Phase\xa0III clinical trial assessing
its effectiveness on COVID 19 based on retrospective case studies for
the treatment of steroid-refractory cytokine release syndrome induced
by a different cause, CAR T cell therapy, in 2017. There is no
randomised, controlled evidence that tocilizumab is an efficacious
treatment for CRS. Prophylactic tocilizumab has been shown to increase
serum IL-6 levels by saturating the IL-6R, driving IL-6 across the
blood brain barrier, and exacerbating neurotoxicity while having no
effect on the incidence of CRS.\n", 'International research on
vaccines and medicines in COVID 19 is underway by government
organisations, academic groups, and industry researchers. The CDC has
classified it to require a BSL3 grade laboratory. There has been a
great deal of COVID 19 research, involving accelerated research
processes and publishing shortcuts to meet the global demand.\n',
'Lenzilumab, an anti-GM-CSF monoclonal antibody, is protective in
murine models for CAR T cell-induced CRS and neurotoxicity and is a
viable therapeutic option due to the observed increase of pathogenic
GM-CSF secreting T\xa0cells in hospitalised patients with COVID
19.\n', 'In April 2012, the band announced that Living Things would be
the title of their fifth album and called it a "return to form".
Shinoda stated that they chose the title Living Things because the
album is more about people, personal interactions, and it is far more
personal than their previous albums. The album\'s lead single, "Burn
It Down", was released on April 16. The band promoted the album on the
2012 edition of the Honda Civic Tour, with co-headliners Incubus.
Other singles from the album include "Lost in the Echo", "Powerless",
and Castle of Glass". The band performed "Burn It Down" at 2012
Billboard Music Awards. On May 25, the band released the music video
for "Burn It Down" and debuted "Lies Greed Misery", another song from
Living Things. "Powerless", the twelfth and closing track of the
album, was featured in the closing credits of the film Abraham
Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.\n', 'As is common with infections, there is a
delay between the moment a person first becomes infected and the
appearance of the first symptoms. The median delay for COVID-19 is
four to five days possibly being infectious on 1-4 of those days. Most
symptomatic people experience symptoms within two to seven days after
exposure, and almost all will experience at least one symptom within
12 days.\n'