'International research on vaccines and medicines in COVID 19 is
underway by government organisations, academic groups, and industry
researchers. The CDC has classified it to require a BSL3 grade
laboratory. There has been a great deal of COVID 19 research,
involving accelerated research processes and publishing shortcuts to
meet the global demand.\n', 'COVID 19 transmission occurs when
infectious particles are breathed in or come into contact with the
eyes, nose, or mouth. The risk is highest when people are in close
proximity, but small airborne particles containing the virus can
remain suspended in the air and travel over longer distances,
particularly indoors. Transmission can also occur when people touch
their eyes, nose or mouth after touching surfaces or objects that have
been contaminated by the virus. People remain contagious for up to 20
days and can spread the virus even if they do not develop
symptoms.\n', 'The CDC states that avoiding crowded indoor spaces
reduces the risk of COVID-19 infection. When indoors, increasing the
rate of air change, decreasing recirculation of air and increasing the
use of outdoor air can reduce transmission. The WHO recommends
ventilation and air filtration in public spaces to help clear out
infectious aerosols.\n', 'The vocal interplay between Chester
Bennington and Mike Shinoda plays as a major part within Linkin
Park\'s music, with Bennington being the lead vocalist and Shinoda as
the rapping vocalist. On Linkin Park\'s third album, Minutes to
Midnight, Shinoda sings lead vocals on "In Between", "Hands Held
High", and on the B-side "No Roads Left". On numerous songs from
band\'s fourth album, A Thousand Suns, such as the album\'s singles
("The Catalyst", "Burning in the Skies", "Iridescent"), both Shinoda
and Bennington sing. The album has been regarded as a turning point in
the band\'s musical career, having a stronger emphasis on electronica.
James Montgomery, of MTV, compared the record to Radiohead\'s Kid A,
while Jordy Kasko of Review, Rinse, Repeat likened the album to both
Kid A and Pink Floyd\'s landmark album The Dark Side of the Moon.
Shinoda stated that he and the other band members were deeply
influenced by Chuck D and Public Enemy. He elaborated: "Public Enemy
were very three-dimensional with their records because although they
seemed political, there was a whole lot of other stuff going on in
there too. It made me think how three-dimensional I wanted our record
to be without imitating them of course, and show where we were at
creatively". One of the record\'s political elements is its samples of
speeches by American political figures. A Thousand Suns was described
as trip hop, electronic rock, ambient, alternative rock, industrial
rock, experimental rock, rap rock, and progressive rock.\n', 'On
January 11, 2011, an updated version of Download to Donate for Haiti
was launched, called Download to Donate for Haiti V2.0, with more
songs to download. For the updated compilation, the band released
Keaton Hashimoto\'s remix of "The Catalyst" from the "Linkin Park
featuring YOU" contest.\n', 'The first confirmed human infections were
in Wuhan. A study of the first 41 cases of confirmed COVID 19,
published in January 2020 in The Lancet, reported the earliest date of
onset of symptoms as 1\xa0December 2019. Official publications from
the WHO reported the earliest onset of symptoms as 8\xa0December 2019.
Human-to-human transmission was confirmed by the WHO and Chinese
authorities by 20 January 2020. According to official Chinese sources,
these were mostly linked to the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market, which
also sold live animals. In May 2020, George Gao, the director of the
CDC, said animal samples collected from the seafood market had tested
negative for the virus, indicating that the market was the site of an
early superspreading event, but that it was not the site of the
initial outbreak. Traces of the virus have been found in wastewater
samples that were collected in Milan and Turin, Italy, on 18 December
2019.\n', 'Infectivity can begin four to five days before the onset of
symptoms. Infected people can spread the disease even if they are pre-
symptomatic or asymptomatic.  Most commonly, the peak viral load in
upper respiratory tract samples occurs close to the time of symptom
onset and declines after the first week after symptoms begin. Current
evidence suggests a duration of viral shedding and the period of
infectiousness of up to ten days following symptom onset for people
with mild to moderate COVID-19, and up to 20 days for persons with
severe COVID-19, including immunocompromised people.\n', 'Several
notable variants of SARS-CoV-2 emerged throughout 2020. Cluster 5
emerged among minks and mink farmers in Denmark. After strict
quarantines and a mink euthanasia campaign, the cluster was assessed
to no longer be circulating among humans in Denmark as of 1 February
2021.\n', 'The Renaissance period started during the crisis of the
Late Middle Ages and conventionally ends by the 1600s with the waning
of humanism, and the advents of Reformations and Counter-Reformation,
and in art the Baroque period. It had a different period and
characteristics in different regions, such as the Italian Renaissance,
the Northern Renaissance, the Spanish Renaissance, etc.\n', 'The
symptoms of COVID-19 are variable depending on the type of variant
contracted, ranging from mild symptoms to a potentially fatal illness.
Common symptoms include coughing, fever, loss of smell (anosmia) and
taste (ageusia), with less common ones including headaches, nasal
congestion and runny nose, muscle pain, sore throat, diarrhea, eye
irritation, and toes swelling or turning purple, and in moderate to
severe cases, breathing difficulties. People with the COVID-19
infection may have different symptoms, and their symptoms may change
over time. Three common clusters of symptoms have been identified: one
respiratory symptom cluster with cough, sputum, shortness of breath,
and fever; a musculoskeletal symptom cluster with muscle and joint
pain, headache, and fatigue; and a cluster of digestive symptoms with
abdominal pain, vomiting, and diarrhea. In people without prior ear,
nose, or throat disorders, loss of taste combined with loss of smell
is associated with COVID-19 and is reported in as many as 88% of
symptomatic cases.\n'