'Several laboratories and companies have developed serological tests,
which detect antibodies produced by the body in response to infection.
Several have been evaluated by Public Health England and approved for
use in the UK.\n', 'On August 10, 2013, the band collaborated with
American musician Steve Aoki to record the song "A Light That Never
Comes" for Linkin Park\'s online puzzle-action game LP Recharge (short
for Linkin Park Recharge), which was launched on Facebook and the
official LP Recharge website on September 12, 2013. The song would
later be included on a remix album, entitled Recharged, which was
released on October 29, 2013. Similar to Reanimation, the album
features remixes of ten of the songs from Living Things, with
contributions from other artists, such as Pusha T, Datsik, KillSonik,
Bun B, Money Mark, and Rick Rubin. The band also worked on the
soundtrack for the film Mall, which was directed by Joe Hahn.\n',
'Multiple viral and host factors affect the pathogenesis of the virus.
The S-protein, otherwise known as the spike protein, is the viral
component that attaches to the host receptor via the ACE2 receptors.
It includes two subunits: S1 and S2. S1 determines the virus-host
range and cellular tropism via the receptor-binding domain. S2
mediates the membrane fusion of the virus to its potential cell host
via the H1 and HR2, which are heptad repeat regions. Studies have
shown that S1 domain induced IgG and IgA antibody levels at a much
higher capacity. It is the focus spike proteins expression that are
involved in many effective COVID 19 vaccines.\n', 'After spending a
considerable time searching for Wakefield\'s replacement, Xero
recruited Arizona vocalist Chester Bennington, who was recommended by
Jeff Blue in March 1999. Bennington, formerly of a post-grunge band
Grey Daze, became a standout among applicants because of the dynamic
in his singing style. The band then agreed on changing their name from
Xero to Hybrid Theory; the newborn vocal chemistry between Shinoda and
Bennington helped revive the band, inciting them to work on new
material. Additionally, the band recruited bassist Kyle Christner to
temporarily fill in for Farrell. In May 1999, the band released a
self-titled extended play, which they circulated across internet chat-
rooms and forums with the help of an online "street team". In October
1999, Christner was replaced by Scott Koziol and Ian Hornbeck, whom
along with Delson, provided bass tracks for the band\'s
recordings.\n', "Following the success of Hybrid Theory and
Reanimation, Linkin Park spent a significant amount of time touring
around the United States. The band members began to work on new
material amidst their saturated schedule, spending a sliver of their
free time in their tour bus's studio. The band officially announced
the production of a new studio album in December 2002, revealing their
new work was inspired by the rocky region of Meteora in Greece, where
numerous monasteries have been built on top of the rocks. Meteora
features a mixture of the band's nu metal and rap metal style with
newer innovative effects, including the induction of a shakuhachi (a
Japanese flute made of bamboo) and other instruments. Linkin Park's
second album debuted on March 25, 2003, and instantly earned worldwide
recognition, peaking at No. 1 on the Rock & Metal Albums Chart.\n", 'A
cytokine storm can be a complication in the later stages of severe
COVID 19. A cytokine storm is a potentially deadly immune reaction
where a large amount of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines are
released too quickly. A cytokine storm can lead to ARDS and multiple
organ failure. Data collected from Jin Yin-tan Hospital in Wuhan,
China indicates that patients who had more severe responses to COVID
19 had greater amounts of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines in
their system than patients who had milder responses. These high levels
of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines indicate presence of a
cytokine storm.\n', 'Both Hybrid Theory and Meteora combine the
alternative metal, nu metal, rap rock, rap metal, and alternative rock
sound with influences and elements from hip hop, and electronica,
utilizing programming and synthesizers. William Ruhlmann from AllMusic
regarded it as "a Johnny-come-lately to an already overdone musical
style," whereas Rolling Stone described their song "Breaking the
Habit" as "risky, beautiful art".\n', 'Other periods of cultural
rebirth have also been termed "renaissances", such as the Bengal
Renaissance, Tamil Renaissance, Nepal Bhasa renaissance, al-Nahda or
the Harlem Renaissance. The term can also be used in cinema. In
animation, the Disney Renaissance is a period that spanned the years
from 1989 to 1999 which saw the studio return to the level of quality
not witnessed since their Golden Age of Animation. The San Francisco
Renaissance was a vibrant period of exploratory poetry and fiction
writing in that city in the mid-20th century.\n', 'Further lines of
criticism are that postmodernist discourse is characterized by
obscurantism, that the term itself is vaguely defined, and that
postmodernism lacks a clear epistemology. The linguist and philosopher
Noam Chomsky accused postmodernist intellectuals of failing to
meaningfully answer questions such as "what are the principles of
their theories, on what evidence are they based, what do they explain
that wasn\'t already obvious, etc.?" Media theorist Dick Hebdige
criticized the vagueness of the term, enumerating a long list of
otherwise unrelated concepts that people have designated as
postmodernism, from "the d cor of a room" or "a \'scratch\' video", to
fear of nuclear armageddon and the "implosion of meaning", and stated
that anything that could signify all of those things was "a buzzword".
The analytic philosopher Daniel Dennett criticized its impact on the
humanities, characterizing it as producing "\'conversations\' in which
nobody is wrong and nothing can be confirmed, only asserted with
whatever style you can muster."\n', 'Living Things was released on
June 26 in the United States. The album sold over 223,000 copies
during its debut week, ranking No. 1 on the US Albums Charts. Linkin
Park\'s single "Castle of Glass" was nominated for \'Best Song in a
Game\' at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards. The band also performed at
the award ceremony on December 7, but lost the award to "Cities" by
Beck. Linkin Park also played at the Soundwave music festival in
Australia, where they shared the stage with Metallica, Paramore,
Blink-182, and Sum 41.\n'