'COVID 19 is caused by infection with a strain of coronavirus known as
"severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2" (SARS-CoV-2).\n',
'The Renaissance was a cultural movement that profoundly affected
European intellectual life in the early modern period. Beginning in
Italy, and spreading to the rest of Europe by the 16th century, its
influence was felt in art, architecture, philosophy, literature,
music, science, technology, politics, religion, and other aspects of
intellectual inquiry. Renaissance scholars employed the humanist
method in study, and searched for realism and human emotion in
art.\n', 'Following Meteora\'s success, the band worked on many side
projects. Bennington appeared on DJ Lethal\'s "State of the Art" and
other work with Dead by Sunrise, while Shinoda did work with Depeche
Mode, creating the remix song "Enjoy the Silence 04". In 2004, the
band began to work with Jay-Z to produce another remix album, titled
Collision Course. The album, which featured intermixed lyrics and
background tracks from both artists\' previous albums, debuted in
November 2004. Shinoda also formed Fort Minor as a side project. With
the aid of Jay-Z, Fort Minor released their debut album, The Rising
Tied, to critical acclaim.\n', 'The Italian artist and critic Giorgio
Vasari (1511 1574) first used the term rinascita in his book The Lives
of the Artists (published 1550). In the book Vasari attempted to
define what he described as a break with the barbarities of Gothic
art: the arts (he held) had fallen into decay with the collapse of the
Roman Empire and only the Tuscan artists, beginning with Cimabue (1240
1301) and Giotto (1267 1337) began to reverse this decline in the
arts. Vasari saw ancient art as central to the rebirth of Italian
art.\n', 'In 1492, Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic
Ocean from Spain seeking a direct route to India of the Delhi
Sultanate. He accidentally stumbled upon the Americas, but believed he
had reached the East Indies.\n', "The M protein is the viral protein
responsible for the transmembrane transport of nutrients. It is the
cause of the bud release and the formation of the viral envelope. The
N and E protein are accessory proteins that interfere with the host's
immune response.\n", 'As of August 2021, reinfection with COVID 19 was
possible but uncommon. The first case of reinfection was documented in
August 2020. A systematic review found 17 cases of confirmed
reinfection in medical literature as of May 2021. With the Omicron
variant, as of 2022, reinfections have become common, albeit it is
unclear how common. COVID-19 reinfections are thought to likely be
less severe than primary infections, especially if one was previously
infected by the same variant.additional citation(s) needed\n',
'Although Italian Renaissance had a modest impact in Portuguese arts,
Portugal was influential in broadening the European worldview,
stimulating humanist inquiry. Renaissance arrived through the
influence of wealthy Italian and Flemish merchants who invested in the
profitable commerce overseas. As the pioneer headquarters of European
exploration, Lisbon flourished in the late 15th century, attracting
experts who made several breakthroughs in mathematics, astronomy and
naval technology, including Pedro Nunes, Jo o de Castro, Abraham
Zacuto, and Martin Behaim. Cartographers Pedro Reinel, Lopo Homem, Est
v o Gomes, and Diogo Ribeiro made crucial advances in mapping the
world. Apothecary Tom  Pires and physicians Garcia de Orta and Crist v
o da Costa collected and published works on plants and medicines, soon
translated by Flemish pioneer botanist Carolus Clusius.\n', 'The virus
does not appear to be able to infect pigs, ducks, or chickens at all.
Mice, rats, and rabbits, if they can be infected at all, are unlikely
to be involved in spreading the virus.\n'