'Although SARS-CoV-2 has a tropism for ACE2-expressing epithelial
cells of the respiratory tract, people with severe COVID 19 have
symptoms of systemic hyperinflammation. Clinical laboratory findings
of elevated IL 2, IL 7, IL 6, granulocyte-macrophage colony-
stimulating factor (GM CSF), interferon gamma-induced protein\xa010
(IP 10), monocyte chemoattractant protein\xa01 (MCP1), macrophage
inflammatory protein 1 alpha (MIP 1 alpha), and tumour necrosis factor
(TNF ) indicative of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) suggest an
underlying immunopathology.\n', 'Some pets, especially cats and
ferrets, can catch this virus from infected humans. Symptoms in cats
include respiratory (such as a cough) and digestive symptoms. Cats can
spread the virus to other cats, and may be able to spread the virus to
humans, but cat-to-human transmission of SARS-CoV-2 has not been
proven. Compared to cats, dogs are less susceptible to this infection.
Behaviours which increase the risk of transmission include kissing,
licking, and petting the animal.\n', 'In addition to the above, other
clinical studies have proved that SARS-CoV-2 can affect the period of
pregnancy in different ways. On the one hand, there is little evidence
of its impact up to 12 weeks gestation. On the other hand, COVID-19
infection may cause increased rates of unfavourable outcomes in the
course of the pregnancy. Some examples of these could be foetal growth
restriction, preterm birth, and perinatal mortality, which refers to
the foetal death past 22 or 28 completed weeks of pregnancy as well as
the death among live-born children up to seven completed days of life.
For preterm birth, a 2023 review indicates that there appears to be a
correlation with COVID-19.\n', 'Since the outbreak of the COVID 19
pandemic, scholars have explored the bioethics, normative economics,
and political theories of healthcare policies related to the public
health crisis. Academics have pointed to the moral distress of
healthcare workers, ethics of distributing scarce healthcare resources
such as ventilators, and the global justice of vaccine
diplomacies.citation needed The socio-economic inequalities between
genders, races, groups with disabilities, communities, regions,
countries, and continents have also drawn attention in academia and
the general public.\n', 'The term "postmodernity" was first used in an
academic historical context as a general concept for a movement by
Arnold J. Toynbee in an 1939 essay, which states that "Our own Post-
Modern Age has been inaugurated by the general war of 1914 1918".\n',
'On the other hand, many historians now point out that most of the
negative social factors popularly associated with the medieval
period\xa0  poverty, warfare, religious and political persecution, for
example\xa0  seem to have worsened in this era, which saw the rise of
Machiavellian politics, the Wars of Religion, the corrupt Borgia
Popes, and the intensified witch-hunts of the 16th century. Many
people who lived during the Renaissance did not view it as the "golden
age" imagined by certain 19th-century authors, but were concerned by
these social maladies. Significantly, though, the artists, writers,
and patrons involved in the cultural movements in question believed
they were living in a new era that was a clean break from the Middle
Ages. Some Marxist historians prefer to describe the Renaissance in
material terms, holding the view that the changes in art, literature,
and philosophy were part of a general economic trend from feudalism
toward capitalism, resulting in a bourgeois class with leisure time to
devote to the arts.\n', 'In April 2021, the FDA revoked the emergency
use authorisation (EUA) that allowed for the investigational
monoclonal antibody therapy bamlanivimab, when administered alone, to
be used for the treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID 19 in adults and
certain paediatric patients.\n', 'RT-PCR testing of untreated
wastewater samples from Brazil and Italy have suggested detection of
SARS-CoV-2 as early as November and December 2019, respectively, but
the methods of such sewage studies have not been optimised, many have
not been peer-reviewed, details are often missing, and there is a risk
of false positives due to contamination or if only one gene target is
detected. A September 2020 review journal article said, "The
possibility that the COVID 19 infection had already spread to Europe
at the end of last year is now indicated by abundant, even if
partially circumstantial, evidence", including pneumonia case numbers
and radiology in France and Italy in November and December.\n', 'The
Public Health Emergency of International Concern for COVID-19 ended on
May 5, 2023. By this time, everyday life in most countries had
returned to how it was before the pandemic.\n', 'Severe acute
respiratory syndrome coronavirus\xa02 (SARS-CoV-2) is a novel severe
acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus. It was first isolated from
three people with pneumonia connected to the cluster of acute
respiratory illness cases in Wuhan. All structural features of the
novel SARS-CoV-2 virus particle occur in related coronaviruses in
nature, particularly in Rhinolophus sinicus aka Chinese horseshoe
bats.\n'