'More recently metamodernism, post-postmodernism and the "death of
postmodernism" have been widely debated: in 2007 Andrew Hoberek noted
in his introduction to a special issue of the journal Twentieth-
Century Literature titled "After Postmodernism" that "declarations of
postmodernism\'s demise have become a critical commonplace". A small
group of critics has put forth a range of theories that aim to
describe culture or society in the alleged aftermath of postmodernism,
most notably Raoul Eshelman (performatism), Gilles Lipovetsky
(hypermodernity), Nicolas Bourriaud (altermodern), and Alan Kirby
(digimodernism, formerly called pseudo-modernism). None of these new
theories or labels have so far gained very widespread acceptance.
Sociocultural anthropologist Nina M ller-Schwarze offers
neostructuralism as a possible direction. The exhibition Postmodernism
Style and Subversion 1970 1990 at the Victoria and Albert Museum
(London, 24 September 2011   15 January 2012) was billed as the first
show to document postmodernism as a historical movement.\n', "In stark
contrast to the High Middle Ages, when Latin scholars focused almost
entirely on studying Greek and Arabic works of natural science,
philosophy and mathematics,e Renaissance scholars were most interested
in recovering and studying Latin and Greek literary, historical, and
oratorical texts. Broadly speaking, this began in the 14th century
with a Latin phase, when Renaissance scholars such as Petrarch,
Coluccio Salutati (1331 1406), Niccol  de' Niccoli (1364 1437), and
Poggio Bracciolini (1380 1459) scoured the libraries of Europe in
search of works by such Latin authors as Cicero, Lucretius, Livy, and
Seneca. By the early 15th century, the bulk of the surviving such
Latin literature had been recovered; the Greek phase of Renaissance
humanism was under way, as Western European scholars turned to
recovering ancient Greek literary, historical, oratorical and
theological texts.\n", 'In November 2017, the band announced that a
live album compiled from their final tour with Bennington, titled One
More Light Live, would be released on December 15. On November 19,
Linkin Park received an American Music Award for Favorite Alternative
Artist and dedicated the award to Bennington.\n', "The M protein is
the viral protein responsible for the transmembrane transport of
nutrients. It is the cause of the bud release and the formation of the
viral envelope. The N and E protein are accessory proteins that
interfere with the host's immune response.\n", "\nThe traditional view
focuses more on the Renaissance's early modern aspects and argues that
it was a break from the past, but many historians today focus more on
its medieval aspects and argue that it was an extension of the Middle
Ages. The beginnings of the period the early Renaissance of the 15th
century and the Italian Proto-Renaissance from around 1250 or 1300
overlap considerably with the Late Middle Ages, conventionally dated
to c.\u20091350 1500, and the Middle Ages themselves were a long
period filled with gradual changes, like the modern age; as a
transitional period between both, the Renaissance has close
similarities to both, especially the late and early sub-periods of
either.", 'In July 2011, Bennington told Rolling Stone that Linkin
Park aims to produce a new album every eighteen months, and that he
would be shocked if a new album did not come out in 2012. He later
revealed in another interview in September 2011 that the band was
still in the beginning phases of the next album, saying "We just kind
of began. We like to keep the creative juices flowing, so we try to
keep that going all the time\xa0... we like the direction that we\'re
going in". On March 28, 2012, Shinoda confirmed that the band is
filming a music video for "Burn It Down", directed by Joe Hahn.
Shinoda spoke to Co.Create about the album\'s art, saying that it will
"blow them the fans away\xa0... the average person is not going to be
able to look at it and go, I understand that that\'s completely new,
like not just the image but the way they made the image is totally
new. So there\'s going to be that".\n', "In Minutes to Midnight the
band experimented with their established sound and drew influences
from a wider and more varied range of genres and styles, a process Los
Angeles Times compares to a stage in U2's work. Only two songs on the
album's tracklist feature rap vocals and the majority of the album can
be considered alternative rock.\n", 'Criticisms of postmodernism are
intellectually diverse. Since postmodernism criticizes both
conservative and modernist values as well as universalist concepts
such as objective reality, morality, truth, reason, and social
progress, critics of postmodernism often defend such concepts from
various angles.\n', 'The vocal interplay between Chester Bennington
and Mike Shinoda plays as a major part within Linkin Park\'s music,
with Bennington being the lead vocalist and Shinoda as the rapping
vocalist. On Linkin Park\'s third album, Minutes to Midnight, Shinoda
sings lead vocals on "In Between", "Hands Held High", and on the
B-side "No Roads Left". On numerous songs from band\'s fourth album, A
Thousand Suns, such as the album\'s singles ("The Catalyst", "Burning
in the Skies", "Iridescent"), both Shinoda and Bennington sing. The
album has been regarded as a turning point in the band\'s musical
career, having a stronger emphasis on electronica. James Montgomery,
of MTV, compared the record to Radiohead\'s Kid A, while Jordy Kasko
of Review, Rinse, Repeat likened the album to both Kid A and Pink
Floyd\'s landmark album The Dark Side of the Moon. Shinoda stated that
he and the other band members were deeply influenced by Chuck D and
Public Enemy. He elaborated: "Public Enemy were very three-dimensional
with their records because although they seemed political, there was a
whole lot of other stuff going on in there too. It made me think how
three-dimensional I wanted our record to be without imitating them of
course, and show where we were at creatively". One of the record\'s
political elements is its samples of speeches by American political
figures. A Thousand Suns was described as trip hop, electronic rock,
ambient, alternative rock, industrial rock, experimental rock, rap
rock, and progressive rock.\n'