'In all, the Renaissance can be viewed as an attempt by intellectuals
to study and improve the secular and worldly, both through the revival
of ideas from antiquity and through novel approaches to thought.
Political philosopher Hans Kohn describes it as an age where "Men
looked for new foundations"; some like Erasmus and Thomas More
envisioned new reformed spiritual foundations, others. in the words of
Machiavelli, una lunga sperienza delle cose moderne ed una continua
lezione delle antiche (a long experience with modern life and a
continuous learning from antiquity).\n', 'Lyotard defined
philosophical postmodernism in The Postmodern Condition, writing:
"Simplifying to the extreme, I define postmodern as incredulity
towards metanarratives...."\u2009 where what he means by metanarrative
(in French, grands r cits) is something like a unified, complete,
universal, and epistemically certain story about everything that is.
Against totalizing metanarratives, Lyotard and other postmodern
philosophers argue that truth is always dependent upon historical and
social context rather than being absolute and universal and that truth
is always partial and "at issue" rather than being complete and
certain.\n', 'A previously unreleased song from the One More Light
sessions, "Friendly Fire", was released on February 23, 2024. This
will be followed up by the band\'s first greatest hits album,
Papercuts, to release on April 12, which spans their best-selling
singles released between 2000 and 2023, and also includes "Friendly
Fire", as well as the official release of the song "QWERTY", which
first appeared on LP Underground 6.0 in 2006.\n', 'Although Italian
Renaissance had a modest impact in Portuguese arts, Portugal was
influential in broadening the European worldview, stimulating humanist
inquiry. Renaissance arrived through the influence of wealthy Italian
and Flemish merchants who invested in the profitable commerce
overseas. As the pioneer headquarters of European exploration, Lisbon
flourished in the late 15th century, attracting experts who made
several breakthroughs in mathematics, astronomy and naval technology,
including Pedro Nunes, Jo o de Castro, Abraham Zacuto, and Martin
Behaim. Cartographers Pedro Reinel, Lopo Homem, Est v o Gomes, and
Diogo Ribeiro made crucial advances in mapping the world. Apothecary
Tom  Pires and physicians Garcia de Orta and Crist v o da Costa
collected and published works on plants and medicines, soon translated
by Flemish pioneer botanist Carolus Clusius.\n', 'The treatment and
management of COVID-19 combines both supportive care, which includes
treatment to relieve symptoms, fluid therapy, oxygen support as
needed, and a growing list of approved medications. Highly effective
vaccines have reduced mortality related to SARS-CoV-2; however, for
those awaiting vaccination, as well as for the estimated millions of
immunocompromised persons who are unlikely to respond robustly to
vaccination, treatment remains important.  Some people may experience
persistent symptoms or disability after recovery from the infection,
known as long COVID, but there is still limited information on the
best management and rehabilitation for this condition.\n', 'The case
fatality rate (CFR) reflects the number of deaths divided by the
number of diagnosed cases within a given time interval. Based on Johns
Hopkins University statistics, the global death-to-case ratio is 1.02%
(6,881,955/676,609,955) as of 10 March 2023. The number varies by
region.\n', 'In 1949, the term was used to describe a dissatisfaction
with the modernist architectural movement known as the International
Style. Postmodernism in architecture was initially marked by a re-
emergence of surface ornament, reference to surrounding buildings in
urban settings, historical reference in decorative forms
(eclecticism), and non-orthogonal angles.\n', 'Available evidence
suggests that the SARS-CoV-2 virus was originally harboured by bats,
and spread to humans multiple times from infected wild animals at the
Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan in December 2019. A minority of
scientists and some members of the U.S intelligence community believe
the virus may have been unintentionally leaked from a laboratory such
as the Wuhan Institute of Virology. The US intelligence community has
mixed views on the issue, but overall agrees with the scientific
consensus that the virus was not developed as a biological weapon and
is unlikely to have been genetically engineered. There is no evidence
SARS-CoV-2 existed in any laboratory prior to the pandemic.\n', 'The
new Italian trend combined with existing national traditions to create
a particular local Renaissance art. Acceptance of Renaissance art was
furthered by the continuous arrival of humanist thought in the
country. Many young Hungarians studying at Italian universities came
closer to the Florentine humanist center, so a direct connection with
Florence evolved. The growing number of Italian traders moving to
Hungary, specially to Buda, helped this process. New thoughts were
carried by the humanist prelates, among them Vit z J nos, archbishop
of Esztergom, one of the founders of Hungarian humanism. During the
long reign of emperor Sigismund of Luxemburg the Royal Castle of Buda
became probably the largest Gothic palace of the late Middle Ages.
King Matthias Corvinus (r. 1458 1490) rebuilt the palace in early
Renaissance style and further expanded it.\n', "The Renaissance
arrived in the Iberian peninsula through the Mediterranean possessions
of the Aragonese Crown and the city of Valencia. Many early Spanish
Renaissance writers come from the Crown of Aragon, including Ausi s
March and Joanot Martorell. In the Crown of Castile, the early
Renaissance was heavily influenced by the Italian humanism, starting
with writers and poets such as the Marquis of Santillana, who
introduced the new Italian poetry to Spain in the early 15th century.
Other writers, such as Jorge Manrique, Fernando de Rojas, Juan del
Encina, Juan Bosc n Almog ver, and Garcilaso de la Vega, kept a close
resemblance to the Italian canon. Miguel de Cervantes's masterpiece
Don Quixote is credited as the first Western novel. Renaissance
humanism flourished in the early 16th century, with influential
writers such as philosopher Juan Luis Vives, grammarian Antonio de
Nebrija and natural historian Pedro de Mex a.\n"