'The word has also been extended to other historical and cultural
movements, such as the Carolingian Renaissance (8th and 9th
centuries), Ottonian Renaissance (10th and 11th century), and the
Renaissance of the 12th century.\n', 'In 1492, Christopher Columbus
sailed across the Atlantic Ocean from Spain seeking a direct route to
India of the Delhi Sultanate. He accidentally stumbled upon the
Americas, but believed he had reached the East Indies.\n', 'In July
2011, Bennington told Rolling Stone that Linkin Park aims to produce a
new album every eighteen months, and that he would be shocked if a new
album did not come out in 2012. He later revealed in another interview
in September 2011 that the band was still in the beginning phases of
the next album, saying "We just kind of began. We like to keep the
creative juices flowing, so we try to keep that going all the
time\xa0... we like the direction that we\'re going in". On March 28,
2012, Shinoda confirmed that the band is filming a music video for
"Burn It Down", directed by Joe Hahn. Shinoda spoke to Co.Create about
the album\'s art, saying that it will "blow them the fans away\xa0...
the average person is not going to be able to look at it and go, I
understand that that\'s completely new, like not just the image but
the way they made the image is totally new. So there\'s going to be
that".\n', 'Bennington died on July 20, 2017; his death was ruled a
suicide by hanging. Shinoda confirmed Bennington\'s death on Twitter,
writing, "Shocked and heartbroken, but it\'s true. An official
statement will come out as soon as we have one". The band had released
a music video for their single "Talking to Myself" earlier that day.
One day after Bennington\'s death, the band canceled the North
American leg of their One More Light World Tour. On the morning of
July 24, Linkin Park released an official statement on their website
as a tribute to Bennington. On July 28, Shinoda announced that
donations made to the band\'s Music for Relief charity would be
redirected to the One More Light Fund, which had been set up in
Bennington\'s memory. On August 4, when the band was initially
scheduled to play on Good Morning America, Chris Cornell\'s twelve-
year-old daughter Toni appeared with OneRepublic to perform
"Hallelujah" as a tribute to Bennington (who was the godfather to her
younger brother, Christopher) and her father. Bennington had
previously performed the song at the funeral for Cornell, who had also
died from a suicide by hanging two months earlier.\n', 'During the
initial outbreak in Wuhan, the virus and disease were commonly
referred to as "coronavirus" and "Wuhan coronavirus", with the disease
sometimes called "Wuhan pneumonia". In the past, many diseases have
been named after geographical locations, such as the Spanish flu,
Middle East respiratory syndrome, and Zika virus. In January 2020, the
World Health Organization (WHO) recommended 2019-nCoV and 2019-nCoV
acute respiratory disease as interim names for the virus and disease
per 2015 guidance and international guidelines against using
geographical locations or groups of people in disease and virus names
to prevent social stigma. The official names COVID 19 and SARS-CoV-2
were issued by the WHO on 11 February 2020 with COVID-19 being
shorthand for "coronavirus disease 2019". The WHO additionally uses
"the COVID 19 virus" and "the virus responsible for COVID 19" in
public communications.\n', 'Exhaled respiratory particles can build-up
within enclosed spaces with inadequate ventilation. The risk of COVID
19 infection increases especially in spaces where people engage in
physical exertion or raise their voice (e.g., exercising, shouting,
singing) as this increases exhalation of respiratory droplets.
Prolonged exposure to these conditions, typically more than 15
minutes, leads to higher risk of infection.\n', "\nThe traditional
view focuses more on the Renaissance's early modern aspects and argues
that it was a break from the past, but many historians today focus
more on its medieval aspects and argue that it was an extension of the
Middle Ages. The beginnings of the period the early Renaissance of the
15th century and the Italian Proto-Renaissance from around 1250 or
1300 overlap considerably with the Late Middle Ages, conventionally
dated to c.\u20091350 1500, and the Middle Ages themselves were a long
period filled with gradual changes, like the modern age; as a
transitional period between both, the Renaissance has close
similarities to both, especially the late and early sub-periods of
either.", 'Modern Architecture, as established and developed by Walter
Gropius and Le Corbusier, was focused on:\n', 'Chest CT scans may be
helpful to diagnose COVID 19 in individuals with a high clinical
suspicion of infection but are not recommended for routine screening.
Bilateral multilobar ground-glass opacities with a peripheral,
asymmetric, and posterior distribution are common in early infection.
Subpleural dominance, crazy paving (lobular septal thickening with
variable alveolar filling), and consolidation may appear as the
disease progresses. Characteristic imaging features on chest
radiographs and computed tomography (CT) of people who are symptomatic
include asymmetric peripheral ground-glass opacities without pleural
effusions.\n', 'As of August 2021, reinfection with COVID 19 was
possible but uncommon. The first case of reinfection was documented in
August 2020. A systematic review found 17 cases of confirmed
reinfection in medical literature as of May 2021. With the Omicron
variant, as of 2022, reinfections have become common, albeit it is
unclear how common. COVID-19 reinfections are thought to likely be
less severe than primary infections, especially if one was previously
infected by the same variant.additional citation(s) needed\n'