'Some early studies suggest 10% to 20% of people with COVID 19 will
experience symptoms lasting longer than a month. A majority of those
who were admitted to hospital with severe disease report long-term
problems including fatigue and shortness of breath. On 30 October
2020, WHO chief Tedros Adhanom warned that "to a significant number of
people, the COVID virus poses a range of serious long-term effects".
He has described the vast spectrum of COVID 19 symptoms that fluctuate
over time as "really concerning". They range from fatigue, a cough and
shortness of breath, to inflammation and injury of major organs\xa0
including the lungs and heart, and also neurological and psychologic
effects. Symptoms often overlap and can affect any system in the body.
Infected people have reported cyclical bouts of fatigue, headaches,
months of complete exhaustion, mood swings, and other symptoms. Tedros
therefore concluded that a strategy of achieving herd immunity by
infection, rather than vaccination, is "morally unconscionable and
unfeasible".\n', 'The Renaissance has a long and complex
historiography, and in line with general skepticism of discrete
periodizations, there has been much debate among historians reacting
to the 19th-century glorification of the "Renaissance" and individual
cultural heroes as "Renaissance men", questioning the usefulness of
Renaissance as a term and as a historical delineation.\n', 'The
greatest monument of this style in the territory of the former Duchy
of Pomerania is the Ducal Castle in Szczecin.\n', 'In September 2020,
the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published
preliminary estimates of the risk of death by age groups in the United
States, but those estimates were widely misreported and
misunderstood.\n', 'The Public Health Emergency of International
Concern for COVID-19 ended on May 5, 2023. By this time, everyday life
in most countries had returned to how it was before the pandemic.\n',
'More recently metamodernism, post-postmodernism and the "death of
postmodernism" have been widely debated: in 2007 Andrew Hoberek noted
in his introduction to a special issue of the journal Twentieth-
Century Literature titled "After Postmodernism" that "declarations of
postmodernism\'s demise have become a critical commonplace". A small
group of critics has put forth a range of theories that aim to
describe culture or society in the alleged aftermath of postmodernism,
most notably Raoul Eshelman (performatism), Gilles Lipovetsky
(hypermodernity), Nicolas Bourriaud (altermodern), and Alan Kirby
(digimodernism, formerly called pseudo-modernism). None of these new
theories or labels have so far gained very widespread acceptance.
Sociocultural anthropologist Nina M ller-Schwarze offers
neostructuralism as a possible direction. The exhibition Postmodernism
Style and Subversion 1970 1990 at the Victoria and Albert Museum
(London, 24 September 2011   15 January 2012) was billed as the first
show to document postmodernism as a historical movement.\n', 'Some
criticism responds to postmodernist skepticism towards objective
reality and claims that truth and morality are relative, including the
argument that this relativism is self-contradictory. In part in
reference to postmodernism, conservative English philosopher Roger
Scruton wrote, "A writer who says that there are no truths, or that
all truth is \'merely relative,\' is asking you not to believe him. So
don\'t." In 2014, the philosophers Theodore Schick and Lewis Vaughn
wrote: "the statement that \'No unrestricted universal generalizations
are true\' is itself an unrestricted universal generalization. So if
relativism in any of its forms is true, it\'s false." Some responses
to postmodernist relativism argue that, contrary to its proponents\'
usual intentions, it does not necessarily benefit the political left.
For example, the historian Richard J. Evans argued that if relativism
rejects truth, it can legitimize far-right pseudohistory such as
Holocaust denial.\n', 'Chest CT scans may be helpful to diagnose COVID
19 in individuals with a high clinical suspicion of infection but are
not recommended for routine screening. Bilateral multilobar ground-
glass opacities with a peripheral, asymmetric, and posterior
distribution are common in early infection. Subpleural dominance,
crazy paving (lobular septal thickening with variable alveolar
filling), and consolidation may appear as the disease progresses.
Characteristic imaging features on chest radiographs and computed
tomography (CT) of people who are symptomatic include asymmetric
peripheral ground-glass opacities without pleural effusions.\n', 'The
Wuhan Municipal Health Commission made the first public announcement
of a pneumonia outbreak of unknown cause on 31 December, confirming 27
cases\xa0  enough to trigger an investigation.\n', 'COVID 19 is caused
by infection with a strain of coronavirus known as "severe acute
respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2" (SARS-CoV-2).\n'