'More recently, some historians have been much less keen to define the
Renaissance as a historical age, or even as a coherent cultural
movement. The historian Randolph Starn, of the University of
California Berkeley, stated in 1998:\n', 'By 1650, Dutch cartographers
had mapped most of the coastline of the continent, which they named
New Holland, except the east coast which was charted in 1770 by James
Cook.\n', 'Sociologist Rodney Stark, plays down the Renaissance in
favor of the earlier innovations of the Italian city-states in the
High Middle Ages, which married responsive government, Christianity
and the birth of capitalism. This analysis argues that, whereas the
great European states (France and Spain) were absolute monarchies, and
others were under direct Church control, the independent city-
republics of Italy took over the principles of capitalism invented on
monastic estates and set off a vast unprecedented Commercial
Revolution that preceded and financed the Renaissance.citation
needed\n', 'The virus can cause acute myocardial injury and chronic
damage to the cardiovascular system. An acute cardiac injury was found
in 12% of infected people admitted to the hospital in Wuhan, China,
and is more frequent in severe disease. Rates of cardiovascular
symptoms are high, owing to the systemic inflammatory response and
immune system disorders during disease progression, but acute
myocardial injuries may also be related to ACE2 receptors in the
heart. ACE2 receptors are highly expressed in the heart and are
involved in heart function.\n', 'However, only in the 19th century did
the French word renaissance achieve popularity in describing the self-
conscious cultural movement based on revival of Roman models that
began in the late 13th century. French historian Jules Michelet (1798
1874) defined "The Renaissance" in his 1855 work Histoire de France as
an entire historical period, whereas previously it had been used in a
more limited sense. For Michelet, the Renaissance was more a
development in science than in art and culture. He asserted that it
spanned the period from Columbus to Copernicus to Galileo; that is,
from the end of the 15th century to the middle of the 17th century.
Moreover, Michelet distinguished between what he called, "the bizarre
and monstrous" quality of the Middle Ages and the democratic values
that he, as a vocal Republican, chose to see in its character. A
French nationalist, Michelet also sought to claim the Renaissance as a
French movement.\n', 'Yet it remains much debated why the Renaissance
began in Italy, and why it began when it did. Accordingly, several
theories have been put forward to explain its origins. Peter
Rietbergen posits that various influential Proto-Renaissance movements
started from roughly 1300 onwards across many regions of Europe.\n',
'Several measures are commonly used to quantify mortality. These
numbers vary by region and over time and are influenced by the volume
of testing, healthcare system quality, treatment options, time since
the initial outbreak, and population characteristics such as age, sex,
and overall health.\n', 'Most scientists believe the virus spilled
into human populations through natural zoonosis, similar to the SARS-
CoV-1 and MERS-CoV outbreaks, and consistent with other pandemics in
human history. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change several social and environmental factors including climate
change, natural ecosystem destruction and wildlife trade increased the
likelihood of such zoonotic spillover. One study made with the support
of the European Union found climate change increased the likelihood of
the pandemic by influencing distribution of bat species.\n', 'Jonathan
Kramer has written that avant-garde musical compositions (which some
would consider modernist rather than postmodernist) "defy more than
seduce the listener, and they extend by potentially unsettling means
the very idea of what music is." In the 1960s, composers such as Terry
Riley, Henryk G recki, Bradley Joseph, John Adams, Steve Reich, Philip
Glass, Michael Nyman, and Lou Harrison reacted to the perceived
elitism and dissonant sound of atonal academic modernism by producing
music with simple textures and relatively consonant harmonies, whilst
others, most notably John Cage challenged the prevailing narratives of
beauty and objectivity common to Modernism.\n', 'Later Spanish
Renaissance tended toward religious themes and mysticism, with poets
such as Luis de Le n, Teresa of  vila, and John of the Cross, and
treated issues related to the exploration of the New World, with
chroniclers and writers such as Inca Garcilaso de la Vega and Bartolom
de las Casas, giving rise to a body of work, now known as Spanish
Renaissance literature. The late Renaissance in Spain produced artists
such as El Greco and composers such as Tom s Luis de Victoria and
Antonio de Cabez n.\n'