'Bennington died on July 20, 2017; his death was ruled a suicide by
hanging. Shinoda confirmed Bennington\'s death on Twitter, writing,
"Shocked and heartbroken, but it\'s true. An official statement will
come out as soon as we have one". The band had released a music video
for their single "Talking to Myself" earlier that day. One day after
Bennington\'s death, the band canceled the North American leg of their
One More Light World Tour. On the morning of July 24, Linkin Park
released an official statement on their website as a tribute to
Bennington. On July 28, Shinoda announced that donations made to the
band\'s Music for Relief charity would be redirected to the One More
Light Fund, which had been set up in Bennington\'s memory. On August
4, when the band was initially scheduled to play on Good Morning
America, Chris Cornell\'s twelve-year-old daughter Toni appeared with
OneRepublic to perform "Hallelujah" as a tribute to Bennington (who
was the godfather to her younger brother, Christopher) and her father.
Bennington had previously performed the song at the funeral for
Cornell, who had also died from a suicide by hanging two months
earlier.\n', 'On January 11, 2011, an updated version of Download to
Donate for Haiti was launched, called Download to Donate for Haiti
V2.0, with more songs to download. For the updated compilation, the
band released Keaton Hashimoto\'s remix of "The Catalyst" from the
"Linkin Park featuring YOU" contest.\n', 'Following Meteora\'s
success, the band worked on many side projects. Bennington appeared on
DJ Lethal\'s "State of the Art" and other work with Dead by Sunrise,
while Shinoda did work with Depeche Mode, creating the remix song
"Enjoy the Silence 04". In 2004, the band began to work with Jay-Z to
produce another remix album, titled Collision Course. The album, which
featured intermixed lyrics and background tracks from both artists\'
previous albums, debuted in November 2004. Shinoda also formed Fort
Minor as a side project. With the aid of Jay-Z, Fort Minor released
their debut album, The Rising Tied, to critical acclaim.\n', 'Critics
argue that postmodernism promotes obscurantism, abandons Enlightenment
rationalism and scientific rigor, and contributes little to analytical
or empirical knowledge.\n', 'The University of Oxford\'s CEBM has
pointed to mounting evidence that "a good proportion of \'new\' mild
cases and people re-testing positives after quarantine or discharge
from hospital are not infectious, but are simply clearing harmless
virus particles which their immune system has efficiently dealt with"
and have called for "an international effort to standardize and
periodically calibrate testing" In September 2020, the UK government
issued "guidance for procedures to be implemented in laboratories to
provide assurance of positive SARS-CoV-2 RNA results during periods of
low prevalence, when there is a reduction in the predictive value of
positive test results".\n', 'The case fatality rate (CFR) reflects the
number of deaths divided by the number of diagnosed cases within a
given time interval. Based on Johns Hopkins University statistics, the
global death-to-case ratio is 1.02% (6,881,955/676,609,955) as of 10
March 2023. The number varies by region.\n', 'The band still struggled
to sign a record deal. They turned to Jeff Blue for additional help
after facing numerous rejections from several major record labels.
After failing to catch Warner Bros. Records on three previous reviews,
Blue, who was now the vice president of Warner Bros. Records, helped
the band sign a deal with the company as a developing artist in 1999.
However, the label advised the band to change their name to avoid
confusion with Hybrid. The band considered the names "Plear" and
"Platinum Lotus Foundation" before deciding on "Linkin Park", a play
on and homage to Santa Monica\'s Lincoln Park, now called Christine
Emerson Reed Park. They initially wanted to use the name "Lincoln
Park", however they changed it to "Linkin" to acquire the internet
domain "linkinpark.com".\n', 'On January 19, 2010, Linkin Park
released a new song titled "Not Alone" as part of a compilation from
Music for Relief called Download to Donate for Haiti in support of the
Haiti Earthquake crisis. On February 10, 2010, Linkin Park released
the official music video for the song on their homepage. The single
itself was released on October 21, 2011.\n', 'According to the US
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, pregnant women are at
increased risk of becoming seriously ill from COVID 19. This is
because pregnant women with COVID 19 appear to be more likely to
develop respiratory and obstetric complications that can lead to
miscarriage, premature delivery and intrauterine growth
restriction.\n', 'The postmodern approach to understanding the city
were pioneered in the 1980s by what could be called the "Los Angeles
School of Urbanism" centered on the UCLA\'s Urban Planning Department
in the 1980s, where contemporary Los Angeles was taken to be the
postmodern city par excellence, contra posed to what had been the
dominant ideas of the Chicago School formed in the 1920s at the
University of Chicago, with its framework of urban ecology and
emphasis on functional areas of use within a city, and the concentric
circles to understand the sorting of different population groups.
Edward Soja of the Los Angeles School combined Marxist and postmodern
perspectives and focused on the economic and social changes
(globalization, specialization, industrialization/deindustrialization,
neo-liberalism, mass migration) that lead to the creation of large
city-regions with their patchwork of population groups and economic
uses.\n'