'COVID 19 is caused by infection with a strain of coronavirus known as
"severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2" (SARS-CoV-2).\n',
"The transition from modernism to postmodernism is often said to have
happened at 3:32\xa0pm on 15 July in 1972, when Pruitt Igoe, a housing
development for low-income people in St. Louis designed by architect
Minoru Yamasaki, which had been a prize-winning version of Le
Corbusier's 'machine for modern living,' was deemed uninhabitable and
was torn down. Since then, postmodernism has involved theories that
embrace and aim to create diversity. It exalts uncertainty,
flexibility and change and rejects utopianism while embracing a
utopian way of thinking and acting. Postmodernity of 'resistance'
seeks to deconstruct modernism and is a critique of the origins
without necessarily returning to them. As a result of postmodernism,
planners are much less inclined to lay a firm or steady claim to there
being one single 'right way' of engaging in urban planning and are
more open to different styles and ideas of 'how to plan'.\n", 'Italy
had its first confirmed cases on 31 January 2020, two tourists from
China. Italy overtook China as the country with the most deaths on 19
March 2020. By 26 March the United States had overtaken China and
Italy with the highest number of confirmed cases in the world.
Research on coronavirus genomes indicates the majority of COVID-19
cases in New York came from European travellers, rather than directly
from China or any other Asian country. Retesting of prior samples
found a person in France who had the virus on 27 December 2019, and a
person in the United States who died from the disease on 6\xa0February
2020.\n', 'A suitable environment had developed to question classical
scientific doctrine. The discovery in 1492 of the New World by
Christopher Columbus challenged the classical worldview. The works of
Ptolemy (in geography) and Galen (in medicine) were found to not
always match everyday observations. As the Reformation and Counter-
Reformation clashed, the Northern Renaissance showed a decisive shift
in focus from Aristotelean natural philosophy to chemistry and the
biological sciences (botany, anatomy, and medicine). The willingness
to question previously held truths and search for new answers resulted
in a period of major scientific advancements.\n', 'The Renaissance was
certainly underway before Lorenzo de\' Medici came to power   indeed,
before the Medici family itself achieved hegemony in Florentine
society. Some historians have postulated that Florence was the
birthplace of the Renaissance as a result of luck, i.e., because
"Great Men" were born there by chance: Leonardo, Botticelli and
Michelangelo were all born in Tuscany. Arguing that such chance seems
improbable, other historians have contended that these "Great Men"
were only able to rise to prominence because of the prevailing
cultural conditions at the time.\n', 'The many thousands of SARS-CoV-2
variants are grouped into either clades or lineages. The WHO, in
collaboration with partners, expert networks, national authorities,
institutions and researchers, have established nomenclature systems
for naming and tracking SARS-CoV-2 genetic lineages by GISAID,
Nextstrain and Pango. The expert group convened by the WHO recommended
the labelling of variants using letters of the Greek alphabet, for
example, Alpha, Beta, Delta, and Gamma, giving the justification that
they "will be easier and more practical to discussed by non-scientific
audiences". Nextstrain divides the variants into five clades (19A,
19B, 20A, 20B, and 20C), while GISAID divides them into seven (L, O,
V, S, G, GH, and GR). The Pango tool groups variants into lineages,
with many circulating lineages being classed under the B.1
lineage.\n', 'Later Spanish Renaissance tended toward religious themes
and mysticism, with poets such as Luis de Le n, Teresa of  vila, and
John of the Cross, and treated issues related to the exploration of
the New World, with chroniclers and writers such as Inca Garcilaso de
la Vega and Bartolom  de las Casas, giving rise to a body of work, now
known as Spanish Renaissance literature. The late Renaissance in Spain
produced artists such as El Greco and composers such as Tom s Luis de
Victoria and Antonio de Cabez n.\n', 'Coronavirus disease 2019
(COVID-19) is a contagious disease caused by the coronavirus SARS-
CoV-2. The first known case was identified in Wuhan, China, in
December 2019. The disease quickly spread worldwide, resulting in the
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.\n', 'During the initial outbreak in Wuhan,
the virus and disease were commonly referred to as "coronavirus" and
"Wuhan coronavirus", with the disease sometimes called "Wuhan
pneumonia". In the past, many diseases have been named after
geographical locations, such as the Spanish flu, Middle East
respiratory syndrome, and Zika virus. In January 2020, the World
Health Organization (WHO) recommended 2019-nCoV and 2019-nCoV acute
respiratory disease as interim names for the virus and disease per
2015 guidance and international guidelines against using geographical
locations or groups of people in disease and virus names to prevent
social stigma. The official names COVID 19 and SARS-CoV-2 were issued
by the WHO on 11 February 2020 with COVID-19 being shorthand for
"coronavirus disease 2019". The WHO additionally uses "the COVID 19
virus" and "the virus responsible for COVID 19" in public
communications.\n'