'Genetics plays an important role in the ability to fight off Covid.
For instance, those that do not produce detectable type I interferons
or produce auto-antibodies against these may get much sicker from
COVID 19. Genetic screening is able to detect interferon effector
genes. Some genetic variants are risk factors in specific populations.
For instance, an allele of the DOCK2 gene (dedicator of cytokinesis 2
gene) is a common risk factor in Asian populations but much less
common in Europe. The mutation leads to lower expression of DOCK2
especially in younger patients with severe Covid. In fact, many other
genes and genetic variants have been found that determine the outcome
of SARS-CoV-2 infections.\n', 'In 1971, the American scholar Ihab
Hassan published The Dismemberment of Orpheus: Toward a Postmodern
Literature, an early work of literary criticism from a postmodern
perspective that traces the development of what he calls "literature
of silence" through Marquis de Sade, Franz Kafka, Ernest Hemingway,
Samuel Beckett, and many others, including developments such as the
Theatre of the Absurd and the nouveau roman.\n', 'The effect of the
virus on ACE2 cell surfaces leads to leukocytic infiltration,
increased blood vessel permeability, alveolar wall permeability, as
well as decreased secretion of lung surfactants. These effects cause
the majority of the respiratory symptoms. However, the aggravation of
local inflammation causes a cytokine storm eventually leading to a
systemic inflammatory response syndrome.\n', 'Since the outbreak of
the COVID 19 pandemic, scholars have explored the bioethics, normative
economics, and political theories of healthcare policies related to
the public health crisis. Academics have pointed to the moral distress
of healthcare workers, ethics of distributing scarce healthcare
resources such as ventilators, and the global justice of vaccine
diplomacies.citation needed The socio-economic inequalities between
genders, races, groups with disabilities, communities, regions,
countries, and continents have also drawn attention in academia and
the general public.\n', 'The new Italian trend combined with existing
national traditions to create a particular local Renaissance art.
Acceptance of Renaissance art was furthered by the continuous arrival
of humanist thought in the country. Many young Hungarians studying at
Italian universities came closer to the Florentine humanist center, so
a direct connection with Florence evolved. The growing number of
Italian traders moving to Hungary, specially to Buda, helped this
process. New thoughts were carried by the humanist prelates, among
them Vit z J nos, archbishop of Esztergom, one of the founders of
Hungarian humanism. During the long reign of emperor Sigismund of
Luxemburg the Royal Castle of Buda became probably the largest Gothic
palace of the late Middle Ages. King Matthias Corvinus (r. 1458 1490)
rebuilt the palace in early Renaissance style and further expanded
it.\n', "Linkin Park is an American rock band from Agoura Hills,
California. The band's lineup consists of vocalist/rhythm
guitarist/keyboardist Mike Shinoda, lead guitarist Brad Delson,
bassist Dave Farrell, DJ/turntablist Joe Hahn, and drummer Rob
Bourdon, with vocalist Chester Bennington also part of the band until
his death in 2017. Categorized as alternative rock, Linkin Park's
earlier music spanned a fusion of heavy metal and hip hop, while their
later music features more electronica and pop elements.\n", 'Linkin
Park was founded by three high school friends: Mike Shinoda, Rob
Bourdon, and Brad Delson. The three attended Agoura High School in
Agoura Hills, California, a suburb of Los Angeles. After graduating
from high school, the three began to take their musical interests more
seriously, recruiting Joe Hahn, Dave "Phoenix" Farrell, and Mark
Wakefield to perform in their band, then called Xero. Though limited
in resources, the band began recording and producing songs within
Shinoda\'s makeshift bedroom studio in 1996, resulting in a four-track
demo album, entitled Xero, released in November 1997. Xero performed
their first show on November 14, opening for SX-10 and System of a
Down at the Whisky a Go Go, a nightclub in West Hollywood. Delson
introduced the band to Jeff Blue, the vice president of A&R for Zomba
Music, whom he had interned for in college. Blue offered the band
constructive criticism to catch the attention of record labels. Blue
himself was impressed with Xero after watching them play a live show
in 1998, but believed the band needed a different vocalist. Tensions
and frustration within the band grew after they failed to land a
record deal. The lack of success and stalemate in progress prompted
Wakefield, at that time the band\'s vocalist, to leave the band in
search of other projects. Farrell also left to tour with Tasty Snax, a
Christian punk and ska band.\n', 'By a variety of mechanisms, the
lungs are the organs most affected in COVID 19. In people requiring
hospital admission, up to 98% of CT scans performed show lung
abnormalities after 28 days of illness even if they had clinically
improved. People with advanced age, severe disease, prolonged ICU
stays, or who smoke are more likely to have long-lasting effects,
including pulmonary fibrosis. Overall, approximately one-third of
those investigated after four weeks will have findings of pulmonary
fibrosis or reduced lung function as measured by DLCO, even in
asymptomatic people, but with the suggestion of continuing improvement
with the passing of more time. After severe disease, lung function can
take anywhere from three months to a year or more to return to
previous levels.\n', 'Critics argue that postmodernism promotes
obscurantism, abandons Enlightenment rationalism and scientific rigor,
and contributes little to analytical or empirical knowledge.\n',
'Complications may include pneumonia, acute respiratory distress
syndrome (ARDS), multi-organ failure, septic shock, and death.
Cardiovascular complications may include heart failure, arrhythmias
(including atrial fibrillation), heart inflammation, and thrombosis,
particularly venous thromboembolism. Approximately 20 30% of people
who present with COVID 19 have elevated liver enzymes, reflecting
liver injury.\n'