'According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
pregnant women are at increased risk of becoming seriously ill from
COVID 19. This is because pregnant women with COVID 19 appear to be
more likely to develop respiratory and obstetric complications that
can lead to miscarriage, premature delivery and intrauterine growth
restriction.\n', 'On January 19, 2010, Linkin Park released a new song
titled "Not Alone" as part of a compilation from Music for Relief
called Download to Donate for Haiti in support of the Haiti Earthquake
crisis. On February 10, 2010, Linkin Park released the official music
video for the song on their homepage. The single itself was released
on October 21, 2011.\n', 'Linkin Park collaborated with Steve Aoki on
the song "Darker Than Blood" for Aoki\'s album Neon Future II, which
was released in May 2015. The first preview of the song came during
Aoki\'s performance on February 28, 2015, at the Aragon Ballroom in
Chicago, Illinois. The song was debuted on Twitch on April 13 and
released on April 14.\n', 'Episcopal priest and conservative cultural
commentator J. M. Thompson, in an 1914 article, uses the term to
describe changes in attitudes and beliefs in the critique of religion,
writing, "the raison d\' tre of Post-Modernism is to escape from the
double-mindedness of modernism by being thorough in its criticism by
extending it to religion as well as theology, to Catholic feeling as
well as to Catholic tradition." In 1926, Bernard Iddings Bell,
president of St. Stephen\'s College (now Bard College) and also an
Episcopal priest, published Postmodernism and Other Essays, which
marks the first use of the term to describe an historical period
following modernity. The essay criticizes lingering socio-cultural
norms, attitudes, and practices of the Age of Enlightenment. It is
also critical of a purported cultural shift away from traditional
Christian beliefs.\n', 'Sociologist Rodney Stark, plays down the
Renaissance in favor of the earlier innovations of the Italian city-
states in the High Middle Ages, which married responsive government,
Christianity and the birth of capitalism. This analysis argues that,
whereas the great European states (France and Spain) were absolute
monarchies, and others were under direct Church control, the
independent city-republics of Italy took over the principles of
capitalism invented on monastic estates and set off a vast
unprecedented Commercial Revolution that preceded and financed the
Renaissance.citation needed\n', 'Formed in 1996, Linkin Park rose to
international fame with their debut studio album, Hybrid Theory
(2000), which became certified Diamond by the Recording Industry
Association of America (RIAA). Released during the peak of the nu
metal scene, the album\'s singles\' heavy airplay on MTV led the
singles "One Step Closer", "Crawling", and "In the End" all to chart
highly on the US Mainstream Rock chart. The lattermost also crossed
over to the #2 spot on the nation\'s Billboard Hot 100. Their second
album, Meteora (2003), continued the band\'s success. The band
explored experimental sounds on their third album, Minutes to Midnight
(2007). By the end of the decade, Linkin Park was among the most
successful and popular rock acts.\n', 'In September 2020, the WHO
released updated guidance on using corticosteroids for COVID 19. The
WHO recommends systemic corticosteroids rather than no systemic
corticosteroids for the treatment of people with severe and critical
COVID 19 (strong recommendation, based on moderate certainty
evidence). The WHO suggests not to use corticosteroids in the
treatment of people with non-severe COVID 19 (conditional
recommendation, based on low certainty evidence). The updated guidance
was based on a meta-analysis of clinical trials of critically ill
COVID 19 patients.\n', 'A cytokine storm can be a complication in the
later stages of severe COVID 19. A cytokine storm is a potentially
deadly immune reaction where a large amount of pro-inflammatory
cytokines and chemokines are released too quickly. A cytokine storm
can lead to ARDS and multiple organ failure. Data collected from Jin
Yin-tan Hospital in Wuhan, China indicates that patients who had more
severe responses to COVID 19 had greater amounts of pro-inflammatory
cytokines and chemokines in their system than patients who had milder
responses. These high levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and
chemokines indicate presence of a cytokine storm.\n', 'On November 9,
2014, MTV Europe named Linkin Park the "Best Rock" act of 2014 at
their annual music awards ceremony. The band won the \'Best Rock
Band\' and \'Best Live Act\' titles of 2014 on Loudwire\'s Music
Awards. Revolver ranked The Hunting Party as the fourth best album of
2014. In an interview with AltWire on May 4, Shinoda reflected on The
Hunting Party and commented on Linkin Park\'s future, stating; "I\'m
really happy with the reaction from The Hunting Party, and I think
we\'re ready to move somewhere new on the next album, which will be
coming in 2016".\n', 'Minks, which are in the same family as ferrets,
have been infected. Minks may be asymptomatic, and can also spread the
virus to humans. Multiple countries have identified infected animals
in mink farms. Denmark, a major producer of mink pelts, ordered the
slaughter of all minks over fears of viral mutations, following an
outbreak referred to as Cluster 5. A vaccine for mink and other
animals is being researched.\n'