'In the late-20th century, avant-garde academics labelled American
singer Madonna, as the "personification of the postmodern", with
Christian writer Graham Cray saying that "Madonna is perhaps the most
visible example of what is called post-modernism", and Martin Amis
described her as "perhaps the most postmodern personage on the
planet". She was also suggested by assistant professor Olivier S
cardin of Utrecht University to epitomise postmodernism.\n', 'The
Renaissance\'s intellectual basis was its version of humanism, derived
from the concept of Roman humanitas and the rediscovery of classical
Greek philosophy, such as that of Protagoras, who said that "man is
the measure of all things". Early examples were the development of
perspective in oil painting and the revived knowledge of how to make
concrete. Although the invention of metal movable type sped the
dissemination of ideas from the later 15th century, the changes of the
Renaissance were not uniform across Europe: the first traces appear in
Italy as early as the late 13th century, in particular with the
writings of Dante and the paintings of Giotto.\n', 'Author on
postmodernism, Dominic Strinati, has noted, it is also important "to
include in this category the so-called \'art rock\' musical
innovations and mixing of styles associated with groups like Talking
Heads, and performers like Laurie Anderson, together with the self-
conscious \'reinvention of disco\' by the Pet Shop Boys".\n', 'On
January 11, 2011, an updated version of Download to Donate for Haiti
was launched, called Download to Donate for Haiti V2.0, with more
songs to download. For the updated compilation, the band released
Keaton Hashimoto\'s remix of "The Catalyst" from the "Linkin Park
featuring YOU" contest.\n', '\nPrior to the COVID 19 pandemic, an
established body of knowledge existed about the structure and function
of coronaviruses causing diseases like severe acute respiratory
syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS). This
knowledge accelerated the development of various vaccine platforms in
early 2020. The initial focus of SARS-CoV-2 vaccines was on preventing
symptomatic, often severe, illness. In 2020, the first COVID 19
vaccines were developed and made available to the public through
emergency authorizations and conditional approvals. Initially, most
COVID 19 vaccines were two-dose vaccines, with the sole exception
being the single-dose Janssen COVID 19 vaccine. However, immunity from
the vaccines has been found to wane over time, requiring people to get
booster doses of the vaccine to maintain protection against COVID
19.\n', 'On April 26, the band released an app for the iPhone, iPod
Touch, and iPad, a game called 8-Bit Rebellion! It featured the band
as playable characters, and a new song called "Blackbirds" which was
unlockable by beating the game. The song was also later released as an
iTunes bonus track on A Thousand Suns.\n', ' Research conducted when
Alpha was the dominant variant has suggested COVID-19 may cause brain
damage. Later research showed that all variants studied (including
Omicron) killed brain cells, but the exact cells killed varied by
variant. It is unknown if such damage is temporary or permanent.
Observed individuals infected with COVID-19 (most with mild cases)
experienced an additional 0.2% to 2% of brain tissue lost in regions
of the brain connected to the sense of smell compared with uninfected
individuals, and the overall effect on the brain was equivalent on
average to at least one extra year of normal ageing; infected
individuals also scored lower on several cognitive tests. All effects
were more pronounced among older ages.\n', 'As of August 2021,
reinfection with COVID 19 was possible but uncommon. The first case of
reinfection was documented in August 2020. A systematic review found
17 cases of confirmed reinfection in medical literature as of May
2021. With the Omicron variant, as of 2022, reinfections have become
common, albeit it is unclear how common. COVID-19 reinfections are
thought to likely be less severe than primary infections, especially
if one was previously infected by the same variant.additional
citation(s) needed\n', 'Common side effects of COVID 19 vaccines
include soreness, redness, rash, inflammation at the injection site,
fatigue, headache, myalgia (muscle pain), and arthralgia (joint pain),
which resolve without medical treatment within a few days. COVID 19
vaccination is safe for people who are pregnant or are
breastfeeding.\n', 'The Public Health Emergency of International
Concern for COVID-19 ended on May 5, 2023. By this time, everyday life
in most countries had returned to how it was before the pandemic.\n'