'Rapid accumulation of knowledge, which has characterized the
development of science since the 17th century, had never occurred
before that time. The new kind of scientific activity emerged only in
a few countries of Western Europe, and it was restricted to that small
area for about two hundred years. (Since the 19th century, scientific
knowledge has been assimilated by the rest of the world).', 'The
spread of disease was significantly more rampant in areas of poverty.
Epidemics ravaged cities, particularly children. Plagues were easily
spread by lice, unsanitary drinking water, armies, or by poor
sanitation. Children were hit the hardest because many diseases, such
as typhus and congenital syphilis, target the immune system, leaving
young children without a fighting chance. Children in city dwellings
were more affected by the spread of disease than the children of the
wealthy.\n', "In the revival of neoplatonism, Renaissance humanists
did not reject Christianity; on the contrary, many of the
Renaissance's greatest works were devoted to it, and the Church
patronized many works of Renaissance art.citation needed But a subtle
shift took place in the way that intellectuals approached religion
that was reflected in many other areas of cultural
life.better\xa0source\xa0needed In addition, many Greek Christian
works, including the Greek New Testament, were brought back from
Byzantium to Western Europe and engaged Western scholars for the first
time since late antiquity. This new engagement with Greek Christian
works, and particularly the return to the original Greek of the New
Testament promoted by humanists Lorenzo Valla and Erasmus, helped pave
the way for the Reformation.citation needed\n", 'On January 28, 2018,
Shinoda replied to a tweet from a fan inquiring about his future with
Linkin Park, writing "I have every intention on continuing with LP,
and the guys feel the same. We have a lot of rebuilding to do, and
questions to answer, so it\'ll take time." On March 29, however,
Shinoda stated that he was uncertain of Linkin Park\'s future when
being interviewed by Vulture. On April 17, Linkin Park was nominated
for three awards at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards, but did not win
any of them. The band was presented with The George and Ira Gershwin
Award for Lifetime Musical Achievement at UCLA on May 18. On February
18, 2019, Shinoda said in an interview that the band is open to the
idea of continuing though what form that takes has yet to be decided.
Shinoda stated "I know the other guys, they love to be onstage, they
love to be in a studio, and so to not do that would be like, I don\'t
know, almost like unhealthy." When asked about the band\'s future
minus Bennington, Shinoda stated, "It\'s not my goal to look for a new
singer. If it does happen, it has to happen naturally. If we find
someone that is a great person and good stylistic fit, I could see
trying to do some stuff with somebody. I would never want to feel like
we are replacing Chester."\n', 'In 1495 the Italian Renaissance
arrived in France, imported by King Charles VIII after his invasion of
Italy. A factor that promoted the spread of secularism was the
inability of the Church to offer assistance against the Black Death.
Francis I imported Italian art and artists, including Leonardo da
Vinci, and built ornate palaces at great expense. Writers such as Fran
ois Rabelais, Pierre de Ronsard, Joachim du Bellay, and Michel de
Montaigne, painters such as Jean Clouet, and musicians such as Jean
Mouton also borrowed from the spirit of the Renaissance.\n', 'Matthias
enjoyed the company of Humanists and had lively discussions on various
topics with them. The fame of his magnanimity encouraged many scholars
mostly Italian to settle in Buda. Antonio Bonfini, Pietro Ranzano,
Bartolomeo Fonzio, and Francesco Bandini spent many years in
Matthias\'s court. This circle of educated men introduced the ideas of
Neoplatonism to Hungary. Like all intellectuals of his age, Matthias
was convinced that the movements and combinations of the stars and
planets exercised influence on individuals\' life and on the history
of nations. Galeotto Marzio described him as "king and astrologer",
and Antonio Bonfini said Matthias "never did anything without
consulting the stars". Upon his request, the famous astronomers of the
age, Johannes Regiomontanus and Marcin Bylica, set up an observatory
in Buda and installed it with astrolabes and celestial globes.
Regiomontanus dedicated his book on navigation that was used by
Christopher Columbus to Matthias.\n', 'Sociologist Rodney Stark, plays
down the Renaissance in favor of the earlier innovations of the
Italian city-states in the High Middle Ages, which married responsive
government, Christianity and the birth of capitalism. This analysis
argues that, whereas the great European states (France and Spain) were
absolute monarchies, and others were under direct Church control, the
independent city-republics of Italy took over the principles of
capitalism invented on monastic estates and set off a vast
unprecedented Commercial Revolution that preceded and financed the
Renaissance.citation needed\n', 'The paintings of the Italian
Renaissance differed from those of the Northern Renaissance. Italian
Renaissance artists were among the first to paint secular scenes,
breaking away from the purely religious art of medieval painters.
Northern Renaissance artists initially remained focused on religious
subjects, such as the contemporary religious upheaval portrayed by
Albrecht D rer. Later, the works of Pieter Bruegel influenced artists
to paint scenes of daily life rather than religious or classical
themes. It was also during the Northern Renaissance that Flemish
brothers Hubert and Jan van Eyck perfected the oil painting technique,
which enabled artists to produce strong colors on a hard surface that
could survive for centuries. A feature of the Northern Renaissance was
its use of the vernacular in place of Latin or Greek, which allowed
greater freedom of expression. This movement had started in Italy with
the decisive influence of Dante Alighieri on the development of
vernacular languages; in fact the focus on writing in Italian has
neglected a major source of Florentine ideas expressed in Latin. The
spread of the printing press technology boosted the Renaissance in
Northern Europe as elsewhere, with Venice becoming a world center of
printing.\n', 'Other periods of cultural rebirth have also been termed
"renaissances", such as the Bengal Renaissance, Tamil Renaissance,
Nepal Bhasa renaissance, al-Nahda or the Harlem Renaissance. The term
can also be used in cinema. In animation, the Disney Renaissance is a
period that spanned the years from 1989 to 1999 which saw the studio
return to the level of quality not witnessed since their Golden Age of
Animation. The San Francisco Renaissance was a vibrant period of
exploratory poetry and fiction writing in that city in the mid-20th
century.\n', 'Bennington died on July 20, 2017; his death was ruled a
suicide by hanging. Shinoda confirmed Bennington\'s death on Twitter,
writing, "Shocked and heartbroken, but it\'s true. An official
statement will come out as soon as we have one". The band had released
a music video for their single "Talking to Myself" earlier that day.
One day after Bennington\'s death, the band canceled the North
American leg of their One More Light World Tour. On the morning of
July 24, Linkin Park released an official statement on their website
as a tribute to Bennington. On July 28, Shinoda announced that
donations made to the band\'s Music for Relief charity would be
redirected to the One More Light Fund, which had been set up in
Bennington\'s memory. On August 4, when the band was initially
scheduled to play on Good Morning America, Chris Cornell\'s twelve-
year-old daughter Toni appeared with OneRepublic to perform
"Hallelujah" as a tribute to Bennington (who was the godfather to her
younger brother, Christopher) and her father. Bennington had
previously performed the song at the funeral for Cornell, who had also
died from a suicide by hanging two months earlier.\n'