'Linkin Park has remained on hiatus since Bennington\'s death. During
an Instagram live chat on December 17, 2017, Shinoda was asked whether
Linkin Park would perform with a hologram version of Bennington in the
future. He replied, "Can we not do a holographic Chester? I can\'t
even wrap my head around the idea of a holographic Chester. I\'ve
actually heard other people outside the band suggest that, and
there\'s absolutely no way. I cannot fuck with that."\n', 'Thorough
hand hygiene after any cough or sneeze is required. The WHO also
recommends that individuals wash hands often with soap and water for
at least twenty seconds, especially after going to the toilet or when
hands are visibly dirty, before eating and after blowing one\'s nose.
When soap and water are not available, the CDC recommends using an
alcohol-based hand sanitiser with at least 60% alcohol. For areas
where commercial hand sanitisers are not readily available, the WHO
provides two formulations for local production. In these formulations,
the antimicrobial activity arises from ethanol or isopropanol.
Hydrogen peroxide is used to help eliminate bacterial spores in the
alcohol; it is "not an active substance for hand antisepsis". Glycerol
is added as a humectant.\n', 'Multiple viral and host factors affect
the pathogenesis of the virus. The S-protein, otherwise known as the
spike protein, is the viral component that attaches to the host
receptor via the ACE2 receptors. It includes two subunits: S1 and S2.
S1 determines the virus-host range and cellular tropism via the
receptor-binding domain. S2 mediates the membrane fusion of the virus
to its potential cell host via the H1 and HR2, which are heptad repeat
regions. Studies have shown that S1 domain induced IgG and IgA
antibody levels at a much higher capacity. It is the focus spike
proteins expression that are involved in many effective COVID 19
vaccines.\n', 'In September 2020, the European Medicines Agency (EMA)
endorsed the use of dexamethasone in adults and adolescents from
twelve years of age and weighing at least 40 kilograms (88\xa0lb) who
require supplemental oxygen therapy. Dexamethasone can be taken by
mouth or given as an injection or infusion (drip) into a vein.\n',
'During the Renaissance, architects aimed to use columns, pilasters,
and entablatures as an integrated system. The Roman orders types of
columns are used: Tuscan and Composite. These can either be
structural, supporting an arcade or architrave, or purely decorative,
set against a wall in the form of pilasters. One of the first
buildings to use pilasters as an integrated system was in the Old
Sacristy (1421 1440) by Brunelleschi. Arches, semi-circular or (in the
Mannerist style) segmental, are often used in arcades, supported on
piers or columns with capitals. There may be a section of entablature
between the capital and the springing of the arch. Alberti was one of
the first to use the arch on a monumental. Renaissance vaults do not
have ribs; they are semi-circular or segmental and on a square plan,
unlike the Gothic vault, which is frequently rectangular.\n',
'Although SARS-CoV-2 has a tropism for ACE2-expressing epithelial
cells of the respiratory tract, people with severe COVID 19 have
symptoms of systemic hyperinflammation. Clinical laboratory findings
of elevated IL 2, IL 7, IL 6, granulocyte-macrophage colony-
stimulating factor (GM CSF), interferon gamma-induced protein\xa010
(IP 10), monocyte chemoattractant protein\xa01 (MCP1), macrophage
inflammatory protein 1 alpha (MIP 1 alpha), and tumour necrosis factor
(TNF ) indicative of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) suggest an
underlying immunopathology.\n', 'The many thousands of SARS-CoV-2
variants are grouped into either clades or lineages. The WHO, in
collaboration with partners, expert networks, national authorities,
institutions and researchers, have established nomenclature systems
for naming and tracking SARS-CoV-2 genetic lineages by GISAID,
Nextstrain and Pango. The expert group convened by the WHO recommended
the labelling of variants using letters of the Greek alphabet, for
example, Alpha, Beta, Delta, and Gamma, giving the justification that
they "will be easier and more practical to discussed by non-scientific
audiences". Nextstrain divides the variants into five clades (19A,
19B, 20A, 20B, and 20C), while GISAID divides them into seven (L, O,
V, S, G, GH, and GR). The Pango tool groups variants into lineages,
with many circulating lineages being classed under the B.1
lineage.\n', 'On April 28, 2020, bassist Dave Farrell revealed the
band is working on new music. On August 13, the band released "She
Couldn\'t", a track that was originally recorded in 1999, and it was
included on a 20th anniversary edition of their debut album Hybrid
Theory, released on October 9. On January 8, 2021, Linkin Park
released a remix of "One Step Closer" by American electronic duo 100
gecs. The band revealed it was the first of many new remixes inspired
by Reanimation to come. On October 29, when asked about the band
playing live shows again, Shinoda stated that "Now is not the time for
the band\'s return. We don\'t have the focus on it. We don\'t have the
math worked out. And I don\'t mean that by financially math, I mean
that like emotional and creative math." In April 2022, Shinoda
reiterated that the band was not working on a new album, new music, or
touring.\n', 'Linkin Park reached No.9 in the Billboard Social 50, a
chart of the most active artists on the world\'s leading social
networking sites. In other Billboard Year-End charts, the band reached
No.92 in the "Top Artists" chart, as well as A Thousand Suns reaching
No.53 in the Year-End chart of the Billboard Top 200 albums and "The
Catalyst" reaching No.40 in the Year-End Rock Songs chart.\n', "One
theory that has been advanced is that the devastation in Florence
caused by the Black Death, which hit Europe between 1348 and 1350,
resulted in a shift in the world view of people in 14th century Italy.
Italy was particularly badly hit by the plague, and it has been
speculated that the resulting familiarity with death caused thinkers
to dwell more on their lives on Earth, rather than on spirituality and
the afterlife. It has also been argued that the Black Death prompted a
new wave of piety, manifested in the sponsorship of religious works of
art. However, this does not fully explain why the Renaissance occurred
specifically in Italy in the 14th century. The Black Death was a
pandemic that affected all of Europe in the ways described, not only
Italy. The Renaissance's emergence in Italy was most likely the result
of the complex interaction of the above factors.\n"