'Formed in 1996, Linkin Park rose to international fame with their
debut studio album, Hybrid Theory (2000), which became certified
Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Released during the peak of the nu metal scene, the album\'s singles\'
heavy airplay on MTV led the singles "One Step Closer", "Crawling",
and "In the End" all to chart highly on the US Mainstream Rock chart.
The lattermost also crossed over to the #2 spot on the nation\'s
Billboard Hot 100. Their second album, Meteora (2003), continued the
band\'s success. The band explored experimental sounds on their third
album, Minutes to Midnight (2007). By the end of the decade, Linkin
Park was among the most successful and popular rock acts.\n', 'COVID
19 transmission occurs when infectious particles are breathed in or
come into contact with the eyes, nose, or mouth. The risk is highest
when people are in close proximity, but small airborne particles
containing the virus can remain suspended in the air and travel over
longer distances, particularly indoors. Transmission can also occur
when people touch their eyes, nose or mouth after touching surfaces or
objects that have been contaminated by the virus. People remain
contagious for up to 20 days and can spread the virus even if they do
not develop symptoms.\n', 'They argued for architecture that
represented the spirit of the age as depicted in cutting-edge
technology, be it airplanes, cars, ocean liners, or even supposedly
artless grain silos.\nModernist Ludwig Mies van der Rohe is associated
with the phrase "less is more".\n', 'Most critical respiratory
comorbidities according to the US Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), are: moderate or severe asthma, pre-existing COPD,
pulmonary fibrosis, cystic fibrosis. Evidence stemming from meta-
analysis of several smaller research papers also suggests that smoking
can be associated with worse outcomes. When someone with existing
respiratory problems is infected with COVID 19, they might be at
greater risk for severe symptoms. COVID 19 also poses a greater risk
to people who misuse opioids and amphetamines, insofar as their drug
use may have caused lung damage.\n', 'On April 26, the band released
an app for the iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad, a game called 8-Bit
Rebellion! It featured the band as playable characters, and a new song
called "Blackbirds" which was unlockable by beating the game. The song
was also later released as an iTunes bonus track on A Thousand
Suns.\n', 'Although Italian Renaissance had a modest impact in
Portuguese arts, Portugal was influential in broadening the European
worldview, stimulating humanist inquiry. Renaissance arrived through
the influence of wealthy Italian and Flemish merchants who invested in
the profitable commerce overseas. As the pioneer headquarters of
European exploration, Lisbon flourished in the late 15th century,
attracting experts who made several breakthroughs in mathematics,
astronomy and naval technology, including Pedro Nunes, Jo o de Castro,
Abraham Zacuto, and Martin Behaim. Cartographers Pedro Reinel, Lopo
Homem, Est v o Gomes, and Diogo Ribeiro made crucial advances in
mapping the world. Apothecary Tom  Pires and physicians Garcia de Orta
and Crist v o da Costa collected and published works on plants and
medicines, soon translated by Flemish pioneer botanist Carolus
Clusius.\n', 'Multiple viral and host factors affect the pathogenesis
of the virus. The S-protein, otherwise known as the spike protein, is
the viral component that attaches to the host receptor via the ACE2
receptors. It includes two subunits: S1 and S2. S1 determines the
virus-host range and cellular tropism via the receptor-binding domain.
S2 mediates the membrane fusion of the virus to its potential cell
host via the H1 and HR2, which are heptad repeat regions. Studies have
shown that S1 domain induced IgG and IgA antibody levels at a much
higher capacity. It is the focus spike proteins expression that are
involved in many effective COVID 19 vaccines.\n', 'Another important
development was in the process for discovery, the scientific method,
focusing on empirical evidence and the importance of mathematics,
while discarding much of Aristotelian science. Early and influential
proponents of these ideas included Copernicus, Galileo, and Francis
Bacon. The new scientific method led to great contributions in the
fields of astronomy, physics, biology, and anatomy.h\n', "One theory
that has been advanced is that the devastation in Florence caused by
the Black Death, which hit Europe between 1348 and 1350, resulted in a
shift in the world view of people in 14th century Italy. Italy was
particularly badly hit by the plague, and it has been speculated that
the resulting familiarity with death caused thinkers to dwell more on
their lives on Earth, rather than on spirituality and the afterlife.
It has also been argued that the Black Death prompted a new wave of
piety, manifested in the sponsorship of religious works of art.
However, this does not fully explain why the Renaissance occurred
specifically in Italy in the 14th century. The Black Death was a
pandemic that affected all of Europe in the ways described, not only
Italy. The Renaissance's emergence in Italy was most likely the result
of the complex interaction of the above factors.\n"