'Well after the first artistic return to classicism had been
exemplified in the sculpture of Nicola Pisano, Florentine painters led
by Masaccio strove to portray the human form realistically, developing
techniques to render perspective and light more naturally. Political
philosophers, most famously Niccol  Machiavelli, sought to describe
political life as it really was, that is to understand it rationally.
A critical contribution to Italian Renaissance humanism, Giovanni Pico
della Mirandola wrote De hominis dignitate (Oration on the Dignity of
Man, 1486), a series of theses on philosophy, natural thought, faith,
and magic defended against any opponent on the grounds of reason. In
addition to studying classical Latin and Greek, Renaissance authors
also began increasingly to use vernacular languages; combined with the
introduction of the printing press, this allowed many more people
access to books, especially the Bible.\n', "In 1533, a fourteen-year-
old Caterina de' Medici (1519 1589), born in Florence to Lorenzo de'
Medici, Duke of Urbino and Madeleine de la Tour d'Auvergne, married
Henry II of France, second son of King Francis I and Queen Claude.
Though she became famous and infamous for her role in France's
religious wars, she made a direct contribution in bringing arts,
sciences, and music (including the origins of ballet) to the French
court from her native Florence.\n", "One theory that has been advanced
is that the devastation in Florence caused by the Black Death, which
hit Europe between 1348 and 1350, resulted in a shift in the world
view of people in 14th century Italy. Italy was particularly badly hit
by the plague, and it has been speculated that the resulting
familiarity with death caused thinkers to dwell more on their lives on
Earth, rather than on spirituality and the afterlife. It has also been
argued that the Black Death prompted a new wave of piety, manifested
in the sponsorship of religious works of art. However, this does not
fully explain why the Renaissance occurred specifically in Italy in
the 14th century. The Black Death was a pandemic that affected all of
Europe in the ways described, not only Italy. The Renaissance's
emergence in Italy was most likely the result of the complex
interaction of the above factors.\n", 'Both Hybrid Theory and Meteora
combine the alternative metal, nu metal, rap rock, rap metal, and
alternative rock sound with influences and elements from hip hop, and
electronica, utilizing programming and synthesizers. William Ruhlmann
from AllMusic regarded it as "a Johnny-come-lately to an already
overdone musical style," whereas Rolling Stone described their song
"Breaking the Habit" as "risky, beautiful art".\n', ' Research
conducted when Alpha was the dominant variant has suggested COVID-19
may cause brain damage. Later research showed that all variants
studied (including Omicron) killed brain cells, but the exact cells
killed varied by variant. It is unknown if such damage is temporary or
permanent. Observed individuals infected with COVID-19 (most with mild
cases) experienced an additional 0.2% to 2% of brain tissue lost in
regions of the brain connected to the sense of smell compared with
uninfected individuals, and the overall effect on the brain was
equivalent on average to at least one extra year of normal ageing;
infected individuals also scored lower on several cognitive tests. All
effects were more pronounced among older ages.\n', 'In Postmodernist
Fiction (1987), Brian McHale details the shift from modernism to
postmodernism, arguing that the former is characterized by an
epistemological dominant and that postmodern works have developed out
of modernism and are primarily concerned with questions of ontology.
McHale\'s second book, Constructing Postmodernism (1992), provides
readings of postmodern fiction and some contemporary writers who go
under the label of cyberpunk. McHale\'s "What Was Postmodernism?"
(2007) follows Raymond Federman\'s lead in now using the past tense
when discussing postmodernism.\n', 'The COVID 19 vaccines are widely
credited for their role in reducing the spread of COVID 19 and
reducing the severity and death caused by COVID 19. According to a
June 2022 study, COVID 19 vaccines prevented an additional 14.4 to
19.8 million deaths in 185 countries and territories from 8 December
2020 to 8 December 2021. Many countries implemented phased
distribution plans that prioritized those at highest risk of
complications, such as the elderly, and those at high risk of exposure
and transmission, such as healthcare workers.\n', 'After being
expelled from the body, coronaviruses can survive on surfaces for
hours to days. If a person touches the dirty surface, they may deposit
the virus at the eyes, nose, or mouth where it can enter the body and
cause infection. Evidence indicates that contact with infected
surfaces is not the main driver of COVID 19, leading to
recommendations for optimised disinfection procedures to avoid issues
such as the increase of antimicrobial resistance through the use of
inappropriate cleaning products and processes. Deep cleaning and other
surface sanitation has been criticised as hygiene theatre, giving a
false sense of security against something primarily spread through the
air.\n'