'Although Italian Renaissance had a modest impact in Portuguese arts,
Portugal was influential in broadening the European worldview,
stimulating humanist inquiry. Renaissance arrived through the
influence of wealthy Italian and Flemish merchants who invested in the
profitable commerce overseas. As the pioneer headquarters of European
exploration, Lisbon flourished in the late 15th century, attracting
experts who made several breakthroughs in mathematics, astronomy and
naval technology, including Pedro Nunes, Jo o de Castro, Abraham
Zacuto, and Martin Behaim. Cartographers Pedro Reinel, Lopo Homem, Est
v o Gomes, and Diogo Ribeiro made crucial advances in mapping the
world. Apothecary Tom  Pires and physicians Garcia de Orta and Crist v
o da Costa collected and published works on plants and medicines, soon
translated by Flemish pioneer botanist Carolus Clusius.\n', 'Linkin
Park also participated in numerous charitable events, which included
raising money to benefit victims of Hurricane Charley in 2004 and
later Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The band donated $75,000 to the
Special Operations Warrior Foundation in March 2004. They also helped
relief efforts for the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami victims by staging
several charity concerts and setting up an additional fund called
Music for Relief. The band participated at Live 8, a series of
charitable benefit concerts set up to raise global awareness.
Alongside Jay-Z, the band performed on Live 8\'s stage in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a global audience. The band would later
be reunited with Jay-Z at the Grammy Award Ceremony 2006, during which
they performed "Numb/Encore", en route to winning a Grammy for Best
Rap/Sung Collaboration. They were joined on stage by Paul McCartney
who added verses from the song "Yesterday". They would later go on to
play at the 2006 Summer Sonic music festival, which was hosted by
Metallica in Japan.\n', 'Linkin Park reached No.9 in the Billboard
Social 50, a chart of the most active artists on the world\'s leading
social networking sites. In other Billboard Year-End charts, the band
reached No.92 in the "Top Artists" chart, as well as A Thousand Suns
reaching No.53 in the Year-End chart of the Billboard Top 200 albums
and "The Catalyst" reaching No.40 in the Year-End Rock Songs
chart.\n', "The Renaissance arrived in the Iberian peninsula through
the Mediterranean possessions of the Aragonese Crown and the city of
Valencia. Many early Spanish Renaissance writers come from the Crown
of Aragon, including Ausi s March and Joanot Martorell. In the Crown
of Castile, the early Renaissance was heavily influenced by the
Italian humanism, starting with writers and poets such as the Marquis
of Santillana, who introduced the new Italian poetry to Spain in the
early 15th century. Other writers, such as Jorge Manrique, Fernando de
Rojas, Juan del Encina, Juan Bosc n Almog ver, and Garcilaso de la
Vega, kept a close resemblance to the Italian canon. Miguel de
Cervantes's masterpiece Don Quixote is credited as the first Western
novel. Renaissance humanism flourished in the early 16th century, with
influential writers such as philosopher Juan Luis Vives, grammarian
Antonio de Nebrija and natural historian Pedro de Mex a.\n", "The band
continued to explore a wider variation of musical types on their
fourth album, A Thousand Suns (2010), layering their music with more
electronic sounds. The band's fifth album, Living Things (2012),
combined musical elements from all of their previous records. Their
sixth album, The Hunting Party (2014), returned to a heavier rock
sound, while their seventh album, One More Light (2017), was a
substantially more pop-oriented record. Linkin Park went on an
indefinite hiatus following the suicide of longtime lead vocalist
Bennington in July 2017. In April 2022, Shinoda revealed the band was
neither working on new music nor planning on touring in the
foreseeable future. Since Bennington's death, they have only released
20th-anniversary editions of their first two studio albums, as well as
a greatest hits album, Papercuts, in 2024.\n", 'Italy had its first
confirmed cases on 31 January 2020, two tourists from China. Italy
overtook China as the country with the most deaths on 19 March 2020.
By 26 March the United States had overtaken China and Italy with the
highest number of confirmed cases in the world. Research on
coronavirus genomes indicates the majority of COVID-19 cases in New
York came from European travellers, rather than directly from China or
any other Asian country. Retesting of prior samples found a person in
France who had the virus on 27 December 2019, and a person in the
United States who died from the disease on 6\xa0February 2020.\n',
'Modern Architecture, as established and developed by Walter Gropius
and Le Corbusier, was focused on:\n', 'Matthias enjoyed the company of
Humanists and had lively discussions on various topics with them. The
fame of his magnanimity encouraged many scholars mostly Italian to
settle in Buda. Antonio Bonfini, Pietro Ranzano, Bartolomeo Fonzio,
and Francesco Bandini spent many years in Matthias\'s court. This
circle of educated men introduced the ideas of Neoplatonism to
Hungary. Like all intellectuals of his age, Matthias was convinced
that the movements and combinations of the stars and planets exercised
influence on individuals\' life and on the history of nations.
Galeotto Marzio described him as "king and astrologer", and Antonio
Bonfini said Matthias "never did anything without consulting the
stars". Upon his request, the famous astronomers of the age, Johannes
Regiomontanus and Marcin Bylica, set up an observatory in Buda and
installed it with astrolabes and celestial globes. Regiomontanus
dedicated his book on navigation that was used by Christopher Columbus
to Matthias.\n', 'A cytokine storm can be a complication in the later
stages of severe COVID 19. A cytokine storm is a potentially deadly
immune reaction where a large amount of pro-inflammatory cytokines and
chemokines are released too quickly. A cytokine storm can lead to ARDS
and multiple organ failure. Data collected from Jin Yin-tan Hospital
in Wuhan, China indicates that patients who had more severe responses
to COVID 19 had greater amounts of pro-inflammatory cytokines and
chemokines in their system than patients who had milder responses.
These high levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines
indicate presence of a cytokine storm.\n', 'COVID 19 case fatality
rates are higher among men than women in most countries. However, in a
few countries like India, Nepal, Vietnam, and Slovenia the fatality
cases are higher in women than men. Globally, men are more likely to
be admitted to the ICU and more likely to die. One meta-analysis found
that globally, men were more likely to get COVID 19 than women; there
were approximately 55 men and 45 women per 100 infections (CI: 51.43
56.58).\n'