'Unvaccinated women in later stages of pregnancy with COVID-19 are
more likely than other patients to need very intensive care. Babies
born to mothers with COVID-19 are more likely to have breathing
problems. Pregnant women are strongly encouraged to get
vaccinated.\n', 'Yet it remains much debated why the Renaissance began
in Italy, and why it began when it did. Accordingly, several theories
have been put forward to explain its origins. Peter Rietbergen posits
that various influential Proto-Renaissance movements started from
roughly 1300 onwards across many regions of Europe.\n', 'Linkin Park
embarked on a large world tour titled "Minutes to Midnight World
Tour". The band promoted the album\'s release by forming their fourth
Projekt Revolution tour in the United States which included many
musical acts like My Chemical Romance, Taking Back Sunday, HIM,
Placebo, and many others. They also played numerous shows in Europe,
Asia, and Australia which included a performance at Live Earth Japan
on July 7, 2007. and headlining Download Festival in Donington Park,
England and Edgefest in Downsview Park, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The
band completed touring on their fourth Projekt Revolution tour before
taking up an Arena tour around the United Kingdom, visiting
Nottingham, Sheffield and Manchester, before finishing on a double
night at the O2 arena in London. Bennington stated that Linkin Park
plans to release a follow-up album to Minutes to Midnight. However, he
stated the band will first embark on a United States tour to gather
inspiration for the album. Linkin Park embarked on another Projekt
Revolution tour in 2008. The United States Projekt Revolution tour
featured Chris Cornell, the Bravery, Ashes Divide, Street Drum Corps
and many others. Mike Shinoda announced a live CD/DVD titled Road to
Revolution: Live at Milton Keynes, which is a live video recording
from the Projekt Revolution gig at the Milton Keynes Bowl on June 29,
2008, which was officially released on November 24, 2008.\n', '\nPrior
to the COVID 19 pandemic, an established body of knowledge existed
about the structure and function of coronaviruses causing diseases
like severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East
respiratory syndrome (MERS). This knowledge accelerated the
development of various vaccine platforms in early 2020. The initial
focus of SARS-CoV-2 vaccines was on preventing symptomatic, often
severe, illness. In 2020, the first COVID 19 vaccines were developed
and made available to the public through emergency authorizations and
conditional approvals. Initially, most COVID 19 vaccines were two-dose
vaccines, with the sole exception being the single-dose Janssen COVID
19 vaccine. However, immunity from the vaccines has been found to wane
over time, requiring people to get booster doses of the vaccine to
maintain protection against COVID 19.\n', "The band continued to
explore a wider variation of musical types on their fourth album, A
Thousand Suns (2010), layering their music with more electronic
sounds. The band's fifth album, Living Things (2012), combined musical
elements from all of their previous records. Their sixth album, The
Hunting Party (2014), returned to a heavier rock sound, while their
seventh album, One More Light (2017), was a substantially more pop-
oriented record. Linkin Park went on an indefinite hiatus following
the suicide of longtime lead vocalist Bennington in July 2017. In
April 2022, Shinoda revealed the band was neither working on new music
nor planning on touring in the foreseeable future. Since Bennington's
death, they have only released 20th-anniversary editions of their
first two studio albums, as well as a greatest hits album, Papercuts,
in 2024.\n", "Linkin Park returned to the recording studios in 2006 to
work on new material. To produce the album, the band chose producer
Rick Rubin. Despite initially stating the album would debut sometime
in 2006, the album was delayed until 2007. The band had recorded
thirty to fifty songs in August 2006, when Shinoda stated the album
was halfway completed. Bennington later added that the new album would
stray away from their previous nu metal sound. Warner Bros. Records
officially announced that the band's third studio album, titled
Minutes to Midnight, would be released on May 15, 2007, in the United
States. After spending fourteen months working on the album, the band
members opted to further refine their album by removing five of the
original seventeen tracks. The album's title, a reference to the
Doomsday Clock, foreshadowed the band's new lyrical themes. Minutes to
Midnight sold over 623,000 copies in its first week, making it one of
the most successful debut week albums in recent years. The album also
took the top spot on the Billboard Charts.\n", 'Applied innovation
extended to commerce. At the end of the 15th century, Luca Pacioli
published the first work on bookkeeping, making him the founder of
accounting.\n', 'On November 9, 2014, MTV Europe named Linkin Park the
"Best Rock" act of 2014 at their annual music awards ceremony. The
band won the \'Best Rock Band\' and \'Best Live Act\' titles of 2014
on Loudwire\'s Music Awards. Revolver ranked The Hunting Party as the
fourth best album of 2014. In an interview with AltWire on May 4,
Shinoda reflected on The Hunting Party and commented on Linkin Park\'s
future, stating; "I\'m really happy with the reaction from The Hunting
Party, and I think we\'re ready to move somewhere new on the next
album, which will be coming in 2016".\n', 'In the US, a greater
proportion of deaths due to COVID 19 have occurred among African
Americans and other minority groups. Structural factors that prevent
them from practising social distancing include their concentration in
crowded substandard housing and in "essential" occupations such as
retail grocery workers, public transit employees, health-care workers
and custodial staff. Greater prevalence of lacking health insurance
and care of underlying conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, and
heart disease also increase their risk of death. Similar issues affect
Native American and Latino communities. On the one hand, in the
Dominican Republic there is a clear example of both gender and ethnic
inequality. In this Latin American territory, there is great
inequality and precariousness that especially affects Dominican women,
with greater emphasis on those of Haitian descent. According to a US
health policy non-profit, 34% of American Indian and Alaska Native
People (AIAN) non-elderly adults are at risk of serious illness
compared to 21% of white non-elderly adults. The source attributes it
to disproportionately high rates of many health conditions that may
put them at higher risk as well as living conditions like lack of
access to clean water.\n'