'Multiple viral and host factors affect the pathogenesis of the virus.
The S-protein, otherwise known as the spike protein, is the viral
component that attaches to the host receptor via the ACE2 receptors.
It includes two subunits: S1 and S2. S1 determines the virus-host
range and cellular tropism via the receptor-binding domain. S2
mediates the membrane fusion of the virus to its potential cell host
via the H1 and HR2, which are heptad repeat regions. Studies have
shown that S1 domain induced IgG and IgA antibody levels at a much
higher capacity. It is the focus spike proteins expression that are
involved in many effective COVID 19 vaccines.\n', 'Reviews of various
kinds of scientific studies have concluded that masking is effective
in protecting the individual against COVID-19. Various case-control
and population-based studies have also shown that increased levels of
masking in a community reduces the spread of SARS-CoV-2, though there
is a paucity of evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs).
Masks vary in how well they work, with N95 and surgical masks
outperforming cloth masks, but even cloth masks, with their
variability in fabric type and mask fit, provide wearers with
substantial protection from particles carrying COVID-19.\n',
'Elsewhere, Sir Francis Bacon (1561 1626) was the pioneer of modern
scientific thought, and is commonly regarded as one of the founders of
the Scientific Revolution.\n', 'Unvaccinated women in later stages of
pregnancy with COVID-19 are more likely than other patients to need
very intensive care. Babies born to mothers with COVID-19 are more
likely to have breathing problems. Pregnant women are strongly
encouraged to get vaccinated.\n', 'Severe acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus\xa02 (SARS-CoV-2) is a novel severe acute respiratory
syndrome coronavirus. It was first isolated from three people with
pneumonia connected to the cluster of acute respiratory illness cases
in Wuhan. All structural features of the novel SARS-CoV-2 virus
particle occur in related coronaviruses in nature, particularly in
Rhinolophus sinicus aka Chinese horseshoe bats.\n', 'Unlike with Latin
texts, which had been preserved and studied in Western Europe since
late antiquity, the study of ancient Greek texts was very limited in
medieval Western Europe. Ancient Greek works on science, mathematics,
and philosophy had been studied since the High Middle Ages in Western
Europe and in the Islamic Golden Age (normally in translation), but
Greek literary, oratorical and historical works (such as Homer, the
Greek dramatists, Demosthenes and Thucydides) were not studied in
either the Latin or medieval Islamic worlds; in the Middle Ages these
sorts of texts were only studied by Byzantine scholars. Some argue
that the Timurid Renaissance in Samarkand and Herat, whose
magnificence toned with Florence as the center of a cultural rebirth,
were linked to the Ottoman Empire, whose conquests led to the
migration of Greek scholars to Italian cities.full citation neededfull
citation needed One of the greatest achievements of Renaissance
scholars was to bring this entire class of Greek cultural works back
into Western Europe for the first time since late antiquity.\n',
'Their fifth album, Living Things, is also an electronic-heavy album,
but includes other influences, resulting in a harder sound by
comparison. The band returned to a heavier sound compared to their
last three albums on The Hunting Party, which was described as an
alternative metal, nu metal, hard rock, rap rock, and rap metal album.
Their seventh album, One More Light, was described as pop, pop rock
and electropop.\n', 'Postmodernism is an intellectual stance or mode
of discourse characterized by skepticism towards elements of the
Enlightenment worldview. It questions the "grand narratives" of
modernity, rejects the certainty of knowledge and stable meaning, and
acknowledges the influence of ideology in maintaining political power.
The idea of objective claims is dismissed as na ve realism,
emphasizing the conditional nature of knowledge. Postmodernism
embraces self-referentiality, epistemological relativism, moral
relativism, pluralism, irony, irreverence, and eclecticism. It opposes
the "universal validity" of binary oppositions, stable identity,
hierarchy, and categorization.\n', 'Some pets, especially cats and
ferrets, can catch this virus from infected humans. Symptoms in cats
include respiratory (such as a cough) and digestive symptoms. Cats can
spread the virus to other cats, and may be able to spread the virus to
humans, but cat-to-human transmission of SARS-CoV-2 has not been
proven. Compared to cats, dogs are less susceptible to this infection.
Behaviours which increase the risk of transmission include kissing,
licking, and petting the animal.\n'