"Even cities and states beyond central Italy, such as the Republic of
Florence at this time, were also notable for their merchant republics,
especially the Republic of Venice. Although in practice these were
oligarchical, and bore little resemblance to a modern democracy, they
did have democratic features and were responsive states, with forms of
participation in governance and belief in liberty. The relative
political freedom they afforded was conducive to academic and artistic
advancement. Likewise, the position of Italian cities such as Venice
as great trading centres made them intellectual crossroads. Merchants
brought with them ideas from far corners of the globe, particularly
the Levant. Venice was Europe's gateway to trade with the East, and a
producer of fine glass, while Florence was a capital of textiles. The
wealth such business brought to Italy meant large public and private
artistic projects could be commissioned and individuals had more
leisure time for study.\n", 'In literature the later part of the 16th
century saw the flowering of Elizabethan literature, with poetry
heavily influenced by Italian Renaissance literature but Elizabethan
theatre a distinctive native style. Writers include William
Shakespeare (1564 1616), Christopher Marlowe (1564 1593), Edmund
Spenser (1552 599), Sir Thomas More (1478 1535), and Sir Philip Sidney
(1554 1586). English Renaissance music competed with that in Europe
with composers such as Thomas Tallis (1505 1585), John Taverner (1490
1545), and William Byrd (1540 1623).  Elizabethan architecture
produced the large prodigy houses of courtiers, and in the next
century Inigo Jones (1573 1652), who introduced Italianate
architecture to England.\n', 'Matthias enjoyed the company of
Humanists and had lively discussions on various topics with them. The
fame of his magnanimity encouraged many scholars mostly Italian to
settle in Buda. Antonio Bonfini, Pietro Ranzano, Bartolomeo Fonzio,
and Francesco Bandini spent many years in Matthias\'s court. This
circle of educated men introduced the ideas of Neoplatonism to
Hungary. Like all intellectuals of his age, Matthias was convinced
that the movements and combinations of the stars and planets exercised
influence on individuals\' life and on the history of nations.
Galeotto Marzio described him as "king and astrologer", and Antonio
Bonfini said Matthias "never did anything without consulting the
stars". Upon his request, the famous astronomers of the age, Johannes
Regiomontanus and Marcin Bylica, set up an observatory in Buda and
installed it with astrolabes and celestial globes. Regiomontanus
dedicated his book on navigation that was used by Christopher Columbus
to Matthias.\n', 'In 1495 the Italian Renaissance arrived in France,
imported by King Charles VIII after his invasion of Italy. A factor
that promoted the spread of secularism was the inability of the Church
to offer assistance against the Black Death. Francis I imported
Italian art and artists, including Leonardo da Vinci, and built ornate
palaces at great expense. Writers such as Fran ois Rabelais, Pierre de
Ronsard, Joachim du Bellay, and Michel de Montaigne, painters such as
Jean Clouet, and musicians such as Jean Mouton also borrowed from the
spirit of the Renaissance.\n', 'In the 15th century, the Renaissance
spread rapidly from its birthplace in Florence to the rest of Italy
and soon to the rest of Europe. The invention of the printing press by
German printer Johannes Gutenberg allowed the rapid transmission of
these new ideas. As it spread, its ideas diversified and changed,
being adapted to local culture. In the 20th century, scholars began to
break the Renaissance into regional and national movements.\n', 'Since
the late 1990s, there has been a growing sentiment in popular culture
and in academia that postmodernism "has gone out of fashion". Others
argue that postmodernism is dead in the context of current cultural
production.\n', 'While very young children have experienced lower
rates of infection, older children have a rate of infection that is
similar to the population as a whole. Children are likely to have
milder symptoms and are at lower risk of severe disease than adults.
The CDC reports that in the US roughly a third of hospitalised
children were admitted to the ICU, while a European multinational
study of hospitalised children from June 2020, found that about 8% of
children admitted to a hospital needed intensive care. Four of the 582
children (0.7%) in the European study died, but the actual mortality
rate may be "substantially lower" since milder cases that did not seek
medical help were not included in the study.\n', 'Modern Architecture,
as established and developed by Walter Gropius and Le Corbusier, was
focused on:\n', 'Shinoda designed two T-shirts, in which the proceeds
would go to Music for Relief to help the victims of the 2011 T hoku
earthquake and tsunami disasters. Music for Relief released Download
to Donate: Tsunami Relief Japan, another compilation of songs, in
which the proceeds would go to Save the Children. The band released
the song titled as "Issho Ni", meaning "we\'re in this together", on
March 22, 2011, via Download to Donate: Tsunami Relief Japan.\n', 'The
first COVID 19 vaccine was granted regulatory approval on
2\xa0December 2020 by the UK medicines regulator MHRA. It was
evaluated for emergency use authorisation (EUA) status by the US FDA,
and in several other countries. Initially, the US National Institutes
of Health guidelines do not recommend any medication for prevention of
COVID 19, before or after exposure to the SARS-CoV-2 virus, outside
the setting of a clinical trial. Without a vaccine, other prophylactic
measures, or effective treatments, a key part of managing COVID 19 is
trying to decrease and delay the epidemic peak, known as "flattening
the curve". This is done by slowing the infection rate to decrease the
risk of health services being overwhelmed, allowing for better
treatment of active cases, and delaying additional cases until
effective treatments or a vaccine become available.\n'