'The rediscovery of ancient texts and the invention of the printing
press in about 1440 democratized learning and allowed a faster
propagation of more widely distributed ideas. In the first period of
the Italian Renaissance, humanists favored the study of humanities
over natural philosophy or applied mathematics, and their reverence
for classical sources further enshrined the Aristotelian and Ptolemaic
views of the universe. Writing around 1450, Nicholas Cusanus
anticipated the heliocentric worldview of Copernicus, but in a
philosophical fashion.\n', 'The paintings of the Italian Renaissance
differed from those of the Northern Renaissance. Italian Renaissance
artists were among the first to paint secular scenes, breaking away
from the purely religious art of medieval painters. Northern
Renaissance artists initially remained focused on religious subjects,
such as the contemporary religious upheaval portrayed by Albrecht D
rer. Later, the works of Pieter Bruegel influenced artists to paint
scenes of daily life rather than religious or classical themes. It was
also during the Northern Renaissance that Flemish brothers Hubert and
Jan van Eyck perfected the oil painting technique, which enabled
artists to produce strong colors on a hard surface that could survive
for centuries. A feature of the Northern Renaissance was its use of
the vernacular in place of Latin or Greek, which allowed greater
freedom of expression. This movement had started in Italy with the
decisive influence of Dante Alighieri on the development of vernacular
languages; in fact the focus on writing in Italian has neglected a
major source of Florentine ideas expressed in Latin. The spread of the
printing press technology boosted the Renaissance in Northern Europe
as elsewhere, with Venice becoming a world center of printing.\n',
'Chest CT scans may be helpful to diagnose COVID 19 in individuals
with a high clinical suspicion of infection but are not recommended
for routine screening. Bilateral multilobar ground-glass opacities
with a peripheral, asymmetric, and posterior distribution are common
in early infection. Subpleural dominance, crazy paving (lobular septal
thickening with variable alveolar filling), and consolidation may
appear as the disease progresses. Characteristic imaging features on
chest radiographs and computed tomography (CT) of people who are
symptomatic include asymmetric peripheral ground-glass opacities
without pleural effusions.\n', 'It is also assumed that those that are
immunocompromised are at higher risk of getting severely sick from
SARS-CoV-2. One research study that looked into the COVID 19
infections in hospitalised kidney transplant recipients found a
mortality rate of 11%.\n', 'Humans appear to be capable of spreading
the virus to some other animals, a type of disease transmission
referred to as zooanthroponosis.\n', "Even cities and states beyond
central Italy, such as the Republic of Florence at this time, were
also notable for their merchant republics, especially the Republic of
Venice. Although in practice these were oligarchical, and bore little
resemblance to a modern democracy, they did have democratic features
and were responsive states, with forms of participation in governance
and belief in liberty. The relative political freedom they afforded
was conducive to academic and artistic advancement. Likewise, the
position of Italian cities such as Venice as great trading centres
made them intellectual crossroads. Merchants brought with them ideas
from far corners of the globe, particularly the Levant. Venice was
Europe's gateway to trade with the East, and a producer of fine glass,
while Florence was a capital of textiles. The wealth such business
brought to Italy meant large public and private artistic projects
could be commissioned and individuals had more leisure time for
study.\n", 'Following Meteora\'s success, the band worked on many side
projects. Bennington appeared on DJ Lethal\'s "State of the Art" and
other work with Dead by Sunrise, while Shinoda did work with Depeche
Mode, creating the remix song "Enjoy the Silence 04". In 2004, the
band began to work with Jay-Z to produce another remix album, titled
Collision Course. The album, which featured intermixed lyrics and
background tracks from both artists\' previous albums, debuted in
November 2004. Shinoda also formed Fort Minor as a side project. With
the aid of Jay-Z, Fort Minor released their debut album, The Rising
Tied, to critical acclaim.\n', 'In terms of hospital readmissions
about 9% of 106,000 individuals had to return for hospital treatment
within two months of discharge. The average to readmit was eight days
since first hospital visit. There are several risk factors that have
been identified as being a cause of multiple admissions to a hospital
facility. Among these are advanced age (above 65 years of age) and
presence of a chronic condition such as diabetes, COPD, heart failure
or chronic kidney disease.\n', 'During this time, Linkin Park received
many invitations to perform on many high-profile tours and concerts
including Ozzfest, Family Values Tour, and KROQ Almost Acoustic
Christmas. The band worked with Jessica Sklar to found their official
fan club and street team, "Linkin Park Underground", in November 2001.
Linkin Park also formed their own tour, Projekt Revolution, which
featured other artists such as Cypress Hill, Adema, and Snoop Dogg.
Within a year\'s stretch, Linkin Park had performed at over 320
concerts. The experiences and performances of the precocious band were
documented in their first DVD, Frat Party at the Pankake Festival,
which debuted in November 2001. Now reunited with former bassist
Phoenix, the band began work on a remix album, dubbed Reanimation,
which would include works from Hybrid Theory and non-album tracks.
Reanimation debuted on July 30, 2002, featuring the likes of Black
Thought, Jonathan Davis, Aaron Lewis, and many others. Reanimation
claimed the second spot on the Billboard 200, and sold nearly 270,000
copies during its debut week. Hybrid Theory is also in the RIAA\'s Top
100 Albums.\n', 'Historian Leon Poliakov offers a critical view in his
seminal study of European racist thought: The Aryan Myth.  According
to Poliakov, the use of ethnic origin myths are first used by
Renaissance humanists "in the service of a new born chauvinism".\n'