'Fungal infections such as aspergillosis, candidiasis, cryptococcosis
and mucormycosis have been recorded in patients recovering from COVID
19.\n', 'An early Italian humanist who came to Poland in the mid-15th
century was Filippo Buonaccorsi. Many Italian artists came to Poland
with Bona Sforza of Milan, when she married King Sigismund I in 1518.
This was supported by temporarily strengthened monarchies in both
areas, as well as by newly established universities. The Polish
Renaissance lasted from the late 15th to the late 16th century and was
the Golden Age of Polish culture. Ruled by the Jagiellonian dynasty,
the Kingdom of Poland (from 1569 known as the Polish Lithuanian
Commonwealth) actively participated in the broad European Renaissance.
The multi-national Polish state experienced a substantial period of
cultural growth thanks in part to a century without major wars   aside
from conflicts in the sparsely populated eastern and southern
borderlands. The Reformation spread peacefully throughout the country
(giving rise to the Polish Brethren), while living conditions
improved, cities grew, and exports of agricultural products enriched
the population, especially the nobility (szlachta) who gained
dominance in the new political system of Golden Liberty. The Polish
Renaissance architecture has three periods of development.\n', 'COVID
19 case fatality rates are higher among men than women in most
countries. However, in a few countries like India, Nepal, Vietnam, and
Slovenia the fatality cases are higher in women than men. Globally,
men are more likely to be admitted to the ICU and more likely to die.
One meta-analysis found that globally, men were more likely to get
COVID 19 than women; there were approximately 55 men and 45 women per
100 infections (CI: 51.43 56.58).\n', 'Some early studies suggest 10%
to 20% of people with COVID 19 will experience symptoms lasting longer
than a month. A majority of those who were admitted to hospital with
severe disease report long-term problems including fatigue and
shortness of breath. On 30 October 2020, WHO chief Tedros Adhanom
warned that "to a significant number of people, the COVID virus poses
a range of serious long-term effects". He has described the vast
spectrum of COVID 19 symptoms that fluctuate over time as "really
concerning". They range from fatigue, a cough and shortness of breath,
to inflammation and injury of major organs\xa0  including the lungs
and heart, and also neurological and psychologic effects. Symptoms
often overlap and can affect any system in the body. Infected people
have reported cyclical bouts of fatigue, headaches, months of complete
exhaustion, mood swings, and other symptoms. Tedros therefore
concluded that a strategy of achieving herd immunity by infection,
rather than vaccination, is "morally unconscionable and
unfeasible".\n', 'Linkin Park collaborated with Steve Aoki on the song
"Darker Than Blood" for Aoki\'s album Neon Future II, which was
released in May 2015. The first preview of the song came during
Aoki\'s performance on February 28, 2015, at the Aragon Ballroom in
Chicago, Illinois. The song was debuted on Twitch on April 13 and
released on April 14.\n', 'Additionally, people with COVID 19 and
acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) have classical serum
biomarkers of CRS, including elevated C-reactive protein (CRP),
lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), D-dimer, and ferritin.\n', "Modernism
sought to design and plan cities that followed the logic of the new
model of industrial mass production; reverting to large-scale
solutions, aesthetic standardisation, and prefabricated design
solutions. Modernism eroded urban living by its failure to recognise
differences and aim towards homogeneous landscapes (Simonsen 1990,
57). Jane Jacobs' 1961 book The Death and Life of Great American
Cities was a sustained critique of urban planning as it had developed
within modernism and marked a transition from modernity to
postmodernity in thinking about urban planning.\n", 'Linkin Park also
participated in numerous charitable events, which included raising
money to benefit victims of Hurricane Charley in 2004 and later
Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The band donated $75,000 to the Special
Operations Warrior Foundation in March 2004. They also helped relief
efforts for the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami victims by staging several
charity concerts and setting up an additional fund called Music for
Relief. The band participated at Live 8, a series of charitable
benefit concerts set up to raise global awareness. Alongside Jay-Z,
the band performed on Live 8\'s stage in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
to a global audience. The band would later be reunited with Jay-Z at
the Grammy Award Ceremony 2006, during which they performed
"Numb/Encore", en route to winning a Grammy for Best Rap/Sung
Collaboration. They were joined on stage by Paul McCartney who added
verses from the song "Yesterday". They would later go on to play at
the 2006 Summer Sonic music festival, which was hosted by Metallica in
Japan.\n', 'The term "postmodern" was first used in 1870 by the artist
John Watkins Chapman, who described "a Postmodern style of painting"
as a departure from French Impressionism. Similarly, the first
citation given by the Oxford English Dictionary is dated to 1916,
describing Gus Mager as "one of the few \'post\' modern painters whose
style is convincing".\n', 'Preventive measures to reduce the chances
of infection include getting vaccinated, staying at home, wearing a
mask in public, avoiding crowded places, keeping distance from others,
ventilating indoor spaces, managing potential exposure durations,
washing hands with soap and water often and for at least twenty
seconds, practising good respiratory hygiene, and avoiding touching
the eyes, nose, or mouth with unwashed hands.\n'