'Humanist scholars shaped the intellectual landscape throughout the
early modern period. Political philosophers such as Niccol
Machiavelli and Thomas More revived the ideas of Greek and Roman
thinkers and applied them in critiques of contemporary government,
following the Islamic steps of Ibn Khaldun. Pico della Mirandola wrote
the "manifesto" of the Renaissance, the Oration on the Dignity of Man,
a vibrant defence of thinking.citation needed Matteo Palmieri (1406
1475), another humanist, is most known for his work Della vita civile
("On Civic Life"; printed 1528), which advocated civic humanism, and
for his influence in refining the Tuscan vernacular to the same level
as Latin. Palmieri drew on Roman philosophers and theorists,
especially Cicero, who, like Palmieri, lived an active public life as
a citizen and official, as well as a theorist and philosopher and also
Quintilian. Perhaps the most succinct expression of his perspective on
humanism is in a 1465 poetic work La citt  di vita, but an earlier
work, Della vita civile, is more wide-ranging. Composed as a series of
dialogues set in a country house in the Mugello countryside outside
Florence during the plague of 1430, Palmieri expounds on the qualities
of the ideal citizen. The dialogues include ideas about how children
develop mentally and physically, how citizens can conduct themselves
morally, how citizens and states can ensure probity in public life,
and an important debate on the difference between that which is
pragmatically useful and that which is honest.citation needed\n', 'In
Postmodernist Fiction (1987), Brian McHale details the shift from
modernism to postmodernism, arguing that the former is characterized
by an epistemological dominant and that postmodern works have
developed out of modernism and are primarily concerned with questions
of ontology. McHale\'s second book, Constructing Postmodernism (1992),
provides readings of postmodern fiction and some contemporary writers
who go under the label of cyberpunk. McHale\'s "What Was
Postmodernism?" (2007) follows Raymond Federman\'s lead in now using
the past tense when discussing postmodernism.\n', 'Although Italian
Renaissance had a modest impact in Portuguese arts, Portugal was
influential in broadening the European worldview, stimulating humanist
inquiry. Renaissance arrived through the influence of wealthy Italian
and Flemish merchants who invested in the profitable commerce
overseas. As the pioneer headquarters of European exploration, Lisbon
flourished in the late 15th century, attracting experts who made
several breakthroughs in mathematics, astronomy and naval technology,
including Pedro Nunes, Jo o de Castro, Abraham Zacuto, and Martin
Behaim. Cartographers Pedro Reinel, Lopo Homem, Est v o Gomes, and
Diogo Ribeiro made crucial advances in mapping the world. Apothecary
Tom  Pires and physicians Garcia de Orta and Crist v o da Costa
collected and published works on plants and medicines, soon translated
by Flemish pioneer botanist Carolus Clusius.\n', "Matthias started at
least two major building projects. The works in Buda and Visegr d
began in about 1479. Two new wings and a hanging garden were built at
the royal castle of Buda, and the palace at Visegr d was rebuilt in
Renaissance style. Matthias appointed the Italian Chimenti Camicia and
the Dalmatian Giovanni Dalmata to direct these projects.  Matthias
commissioned the leading Italian artists of his age to embellish his
palaces: for instance, the sculptor Benedetto da Majano and the
painters Filippino Lippi and Andrea Mantegna worked for him. A copy of
Mantegna's portrait of Matthias survived. Matthias also hired the
Italian military engineer Aristotele Fioravanti to direct the
rebuilding of the forts along the southern frontier. He had new
monasteries built in Late Gothic style for the Franciscans in Kolozsv
r, Szeged and Hunyad, and for the Paulines in Fej regyh za.  In the
spring of 1485, Leonardo da Vinci travelled to Hungary on behalf of
Sforza to meet king Matthias Corvinus, and was commissioned by him to
paint a Madonna.\n", 'Most people recover from the acute phase of the
disease. However, some people continue to experience a range of
effects, such as fatigue, for months, even after recovery. This is the
result of a condition called long COVID, which can be described as a
range of persistent symptoms that continue for weeks or months at a
time. Long-term damage to organs has also been observed after the
onset of COVID-19. Multi-year studies are underway to further
investigate the potential long-term effects of the disease.\n',
'Fungal infections such as aspergillosis, candidiasis, cryptococcosis
and mucormycosis have been recorded in patients recovering from COVID
19.\n', 'After the initial outbreak of COVID 19, misinformation and
disinformation regarding the origin, scale, prevention, treatment, and
other aspects of the disease rapidly spread online.\n', "Linkin Park
performed at the closing ceremony of BlizzCon 2015, Blizzard's video
game convention.\n", 'Shinoda designed two T-shirts, in which the
proceeds would go to Music for Relief to help the victims of the 2011
T hoku earthquake and tsunami disasters. Music for Relief released
Download to Donate: Tsunami Relief Japan, another compilation of
songs, in which the proceeds would go to Save the Children. The band
released the song titled as "Issho Ni", meaning "we\'re in this
together", on March 22, 2011, via Download to Donate: Tsunami Relief
Japan.\n', "The long-imagined south polar continent was eventually
sighted in 1820. Throughout the Renaissance it had been known as Terra
Australis, or 'Australia' for short. However, after that name was
transferred to New Holland in the nineteenth century, the new name of
'Antarctica' was bestowed on the south polar continent.\n"