'Research on the antimalarial drugs hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine
showed that they were ineffective at best, and that they may reduce
the antiviral activity of remdesivir. By May 2020update, France,
Italy, and Belgium had banned the use of hydroxychloroquine as a COVID
19 treatment.\n', "Like structuralists, post-structuralists start from
the assumption that people's identities, values, and economic
conditions determine each other rather than having intrinsic
properties that can be understood in isolation. Structuralists explore
how the subjects of their study might be described as a set of
essential relationships, schematics, or mathematical symbols. Post-
structuralism, by contrast, is characterized by new ways of thinking
through structuralism, contrary to the original form.\n", 'The Swiss
historian Jacob Burckhardt (1818 1897) in his The Civilization of the
Renaissance in Italy (1860), by contrast, defined the Renaissance as
the period between Giotto and Michelangelo in Italy, that is, the 14th
to mid-16th centuries. He saw in the Renaissance the emergence of the
modern spirit of individuality, which the Middle Ages had stifled. His
book was widely read and became influential in the development of the
modern interpretation of the Italian Renaissance.\n', 'Other periods
of cultural rebirth have also been termed "renaissances", such as the
Bengal Renaissance, Tamil Renaissance, Nepal Bhasa renaissance, al-
Nahda or the Harlem Renaissance. The term can also be used in cinema.
In animation, the Disney Renaissance is a period that spanned the
years from 1989 to 1999 which saw the studio return to the level of
quality not witnessed since their Golden Age of Animation. The San
Francisco Renaissance was a vibrant period of exploratory poetry and
fiction writing in that city in the mid-20th century.\n', "The M
protein is the viral protein responsible for the transmembrane
transport of nutrients. It is the cause of the bud release and the
formation of the viral envelope. The N and E protein are accessory
proteins that interfere with the host's immune response.\n", 'During
the initial outbreak in Wuhan, the virus and disease were commonly
referred to as "coronavirus" and "Wuhan coronavirus", with the disease
sometimes called "Wuhan pneumonia". In the past, many diseases have
been named after geographical locations, such as the Spanish flu,
Middle East respiratory syndrome, and Zika virus. In January 2020, the
World Health Organization (WHO) recommended 2019-nCoV and 2019-nCoV
acute respiratory disease as interim names for the virus and disease
per 2015 guidance and international guidelines against using
geographical locations or groups of people in disease and virus names
to prevent social stigma. The official names COVID 19 and SARS-CoV-2
were issued by the WHO on 11 February 2020 with COVID-19 being
shorthand for "coronavirus disease 2019". The WHO additionally uses
"the COVID 19 virus" and "the virus responsible for COVID 19" in
public communications.\n', 'The French psychotherapist and
philosopher, F lix Guattari, rejected its theoretical assumptions by
arguing that the structuralist and postmodernist visions of the world
were not flexible enough to seek explanations in psychological,
social, and environmental domains at the same time.\nIn an interview
with Truls Lie, Jean Baudrillard noted: "Transmodernism, etc. are
better terms than "postmodernism". It is not about modernity; it is
about every system that has developed its mode of expression to the
extent that it surpasses itself and its own logic. This is what I am
trying to analyze." "There is no longer any ontologically secret
substance. I perceive this to be nihilism rather than
postmodernism."\n', 'At least a third of the people who are infected
with the virus do not develop noticeable symptoms at any point in
time. These asymptomatic carriers tend not to get tested and can still
spread the disease. Other infected people will develop symptoms later
(called "pre-symptomatic") or have very mild symptoms and can also
spread the virus.\n', "The transition from modernism to postmodernism
is often said to have happened at 3:32\xa0pm on 15 July in 1972, when
Pruitt Igoe, a housing development for low-income people in St. Louis
designed by architect Minoru Yamasaki, which had been a prize-winning
version of Le Corbusier's 'machine for modern living,' was deemed
uninhabitable and was torn down. Since then, postmodernism has
involved theories that embrace and aim to create diversity. It exalts
uncertainty, flexibility and change and rejects utopianism while
embracing a utopian way of thinking and acting. Postmodernity of
'resistance' seeks to deconstruct modernism and is a critique of the
origins without necessarily returning to them. As a result of
postmodernism, planners are much less inclined to lay a firm or steady
claim to there being one single 'right way' of engaging in urban
planning and are more open to different styles and ideas of 'how to
plan'.\n", 'In 2020, outbreaks occurred in prisons due to crowding and
an inability to enforce adequate social distancing. In the United
States, the prisoner population is ageing and many of them are at high
risk for poor outcomes from COVID 19 due to high rates of coexisting
heart and lung disease, and poor access to high-quality healthcare.\n'