'Men with untreated hypogonadism were 2.4 times more likely than men
with eugonadism to be hospitalised if they contracted COVID-19;
Hypogonad men treated with testosterone were less likely to be
hospitalised for COVID-19 than men who were not treated for
hypogonadism.\n', 'In September 2020, the US Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention (CDC) published preliminary estimates of the
risk of death by age groups in the United States, but those estimates
were widely misreported and misunderstood.\n', 'Renaissance art marks
a cultural rebirth at the close of the Middle Ages and rise of the
Modern world. One of the distinguishing features of Renaissance art
was its development of highly realistic linear perspective. Giotto di
Bondone (1267 1337) is credited with first treating a painting as a
window into space, but it was not until the demonstrations of
architect Filippo Brunelleschi (1377 1446) and the subsequent writings
of Leon Battista Alberti (1404 1472) that perspective was formalized
as an artistic technique.\n', 'Elsewhere, Sir Francis Bacon (1561
1626) was the pioneer of modern scientific thought, and is commonly
regarded as one of the founders of the Scientific Revolution.\n', 'The
word "Renaissance" is borrowed from the French language, where it
means "re-birth". It was first used in the eighteenth century and was
later popularized by French historian Jules Michelet (1798 1874) in
his 1855 work, Histoire de France (History of France).\n', 'Linkin
Park began working on new material for a seventh studio album in
November 2015. Chester Bennington commented on the album\'s direction
by stating, "We\'ve got a lot of great material that I hope challenges
our fanbase as well as inspires them as much as it has us." In
February 2017, Linkin Park released promotional videos on their social
network accounts, which featured Shinoda and Bennington preparing new
material for the album. Mike Shinoda stated the band was following a
new process when producing the album. Brad Delson elaborated: "We\'ve
made so many records and we clearly know how to make a record and we
definitely didn\'t take the easy way out this time."\n', 'Jean-Fran
ois Lyotard is credited with being the first to use the term
"postmodern" in a philosophical context, in his 1979 work The
Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge. In it, he follows
Wittgenstein\'s language games model and speech act theory,
contrasting two different language games, that of the expert, and that
of the philosopher. He talks about the transformation of knowledge
into information in the computer age and likens the transmission or
reception of coded messages (information) to a position within a
language game.\n', 'Linkin Park combines elements of metal,
industrial, punk, pop, electronic, hip hop. More specifically, the
band has been categorized as alternative rock, nu metal, rap rock, rap
metal, alternative metal, electronic rock, pop rock, hard rock, and
industrial rock.note 1 Despite being considered nu metal, the band
never considered themselves as such.\n', "Like structuralists, post-
structuralists start from the assumption that people's identities,
values, and economic conditions determine each other rather than
having intrinsic properties that can be understood in isolation.
Structuralists explore how the subjects of their study might be
described as a set of essential relationships, schematics, or
mathematical symbols. Post-structuralism, by contrast, is
characterized by new ways of thinking through structuralism, contrary
to the original form.\n"