'Chest CT scans may be helpful to diagnose COVID 19 in individuals
with a high clinical suspicion of infection but are not recommended
for routine screening. Bilateral multilobar ground-glass opacities
with a peripheral, asymmetric, and posterior distribution are common
in early infection. Subpleural dominance, crazy paving (lobular septal
thickening with variable alveolar filling), and consolidation may
appear as the disease progresses. Characteristic imaging features on
chest radiographs and computed tomography (CT) of people who are
symptomatic include asymmetric peripheral ground-glass opacities
without pleural effusions.\n', 'Linkin Park is among both the best-
selling bands of the 21st century and the world\'s best-selling music
artists, having sold over 100 million records worldwide. They have won
two Grammy Awards, six American Music Awards, two Billboard Music
Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, 10 MTV Europe Music Awards, and
three World Music Awards. In 2003, MTV2 named Linkin Park the sixth-
greatest band of the music video era and the third-best of the new
millennium. Billboard ranked Linkin Park No. 19 on the Best Artists of
the Decade list. In 2012, the band was voted as the greatest artist of
the 2000s in a Bracket Madness poll on VH1. In 2014, the band was
declared as "The Biggest Rock Band in the World Right Now" by
Kerrang!.\n', 'The French psychotherapist and philosopher, F lix
Guattari, rejected its theoretical assumptions by arguing that the
structuralist and postmodernist visions of the world were not flexible
enough to seek explanations in psychological, social, and
environmental domains at the same time.\nIn an interview with Truls
Lie, Jean Baudrillard noted: "Transmodernism, etc. are better terms
than "postmodernism". It is not about modernity; it is about every
system that has developed its mode of expression to the extent that it
surpasses itself and its own logic. This is what I am trying to
analyze." "There is no longer any ontologically secret substance. I
perceive this to be nihilism rather than postmodernism."\n', 'The word
"Renaissance" is borrowed from the French language, where it means
"re-birth". It was first used in the eighteenth century and was later
popularized by French historian Jules Michelet (1798 1874) in his 1855
work, Histoire de France (History of France).\n', 'The SARS-CoV-2
virus can infect a wide range of cells and systems of the body. COVID
19 is most known for affecting the upper respiratory tract (sinuses,
nose, and throat) and the lower respiratory tract (windpipe and
lungs). The lungs are the organs most affected by COVID 19 because the
virus accesses host cells via the receptor for the enzyme angiotensin-
converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), which is most abundant on the surface of
type II alveolar cells of the lungs. The virus uses a special surface
glycoprotein called a "spike" to connect to the ACE2 receptor and
enter the host cell.\n', 'The band was nominated for six Billboard
Awards in 2011 for Top Duo or Group, Best Rock Album for A Thousand
Suns, Top Rock Artist, Top Alternative Artist, Top Alternative Song
for "Waiting for the End" and Top Alternative Album for A Thousand
Suns, but did not win any award. The band charted in numerous
Billboard Year-End charts in 2011. The band was No.39 in the Top
Artists Chart, No.87 in the Billboard 200 Artists chart, No.11 in the
Social 50 Chart, No.6 in the Top Rock Artists Chart, No.9 in the Rock
Songs Artists Chart, No.16 in the Rock Albums Chart, No.4 in the Hard
Rock Albums Chart, and No.7 in the Alternative Songs Chart.\n', 'In
the Netherlands, a particularly vibrant artistic culture developed.
The work of Hugo van der Goes and Jan van Eyck was particularly
influential on the development of painting in Italy, both technically
with the introduction of oil paint and canvas, and stylistically in
terms of naturalism in representation. Later, the work of Pieter
Brueghel the Elder would inspire artists to depict themes of everyday
life.\n', 'The Renaissance in Northern Europe has been termed the
"Northern Renaissance". While Renaissance ideas were moving north from
Italy, there was a simultaneous southward spread of some areas of
innovation, particularly in music. The music of the 15th-century
Burgundian School defined the beginning of the Renaissance in music,
and the polyphony of the Netherlanders, as it moved with the musicians
themselves into Italy, formed the core of the first true international
style in music since the standardization of Gregorian Chant in the 9th
century. The culmination of the Netherlandish school was in the music
of the Italian composer Palestrina. At the end of the 16th century
Italy again became a center of musical innovation, with the
development of the polychoral style of the Venetian School, which
spread northward into Germany around 1600. In Denmark, the Renaissance
sparked the translation of the works of Saxo Grammaticus into Danish
as well as Frederick II and Christian IV ordering the redecoration or
construction of several important works of architecture, i.e.
Kronborg, Rosenborg and B rsen. Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe greatly
contributed to turn astronomy into the first modern science and also
helped launch the Scientific Revolution.\n', 'Linkin Park reached No.9
in the Billboard Social 50, a chart of the most active artists on the
world\'s leading social networking sites. In other Billboard Year-End
charts, the band reached No.92 in the "Top Artists" chart, as well as
A Thousand Suns reaching No.53 in the Year-End chart of the Billboard
Top 200 albums and "The Catalyst" reaching No.40 in the Year-End Rock
Songs chart.\n', 'Johan Huizinga (1872 1945) acknowledged the
existence of the Renaissance but questioned whether it was a positive
change. In his book The Autumn of the Middle Ages, he argued that the
Renaissance was a period of decline from the High Middle Ages,
destroying much that was important. The Medieval Latin language, for
instance, had evolved greatly from the classical period and was still
a living language used in the church and elsewhere. The Renaissance
obsession with classical purity halted its further evolution and saw
Latin revert to its classical form. This view is however somewhat
contested by recent studies. Robert S. Lopez has contended that it was
a period of deep economic recession. Meanwhile, George Sarton and Lynn
Thorndike have both argued that scientific progress was perhaps less
original than has traditionally been supposed. Finally, Joan Kelly
argued that the Renaissance led to greater gender dichotomy, lessening
the agency women had had during the Middle Ages.\n'