'The virus can cause acute myocardial injury and chronic damage to the
cardiovascular system. An acute cardiac injury was found in 12% of
infected people admitted to the hospital in Wuhan, China, and is more
frequent in severe disease. Rates of cardiovascular symptoms are high,
owing to the systemic inflammatory response and immune system
disorders during disease progression, but acute myocardial injuries
may also be related to ACE2 receptors in the heart. ACE2 receptors are
highly expressed in the heart and are involved in heart function.\n',
'Transferring purified and concentrated antibodies produced by the
immune systems of those who have recovered from COVID 19 to people who
need them is being investigated as a non-vaccine method of passive
immunisation. Viral neutralisation is the anticipated mechanism of
action by which passive antibody therapy can mediate defence against
SARS-CoV-2. The spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 is the primary target for
neutralising antibodies. As of 8\xa0August 2020, eight neutralising
antibodies targeting the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 have entered
clinical studies. It has been proposed that selection of broad-
neutralising antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV might be
useful for treating not only COVID 19 but also future SARS-related CoV
infections. Other mechanisms, however, such as antibody-dependant
cellular cytotoxicity or phagocytosis, may be possible. Other forms of
passive antibody therapy, for example, using manufactured monoclonal
antibodies, are in development.\n', 'The art historian Erwin Panofsky
observed of this resistance to the concept of "Renaissance":\n', 'At
least a third of the people who are infected with the virus do not
develop noticeable symptoms at any point in time. These asymptomatic
carriers tend not to get tested and can still spread the disease.
Other infected people will develop symptoms later (called "pre-
symptomatic") or have very mild symptoms and can also spread the
virus.\n', 'Applied innovation extended to commerce. At the end of the
15th century, Luca Pacioli published the first work on bookkeeping,
making him the founder of accounting.\n', 'As of August 2021,
reinfection with COVID 19 was possible but uncommon. The first case of
reinfection was documented in August 2020. A systematic review found
17 cases of confirmed reinfection in medical literature as of May
2021. With the Omicron variant, as of 2022, reinfections have become
common, albeit it is unclear how common. COVID-19 reinfections are
thought to likely be less severe than primary infections, especially
if one was previously infected by the same variant.additional
citation(s) needed\n', 'The word has also been extended to other
historical and cultural movements, such as the Carolingian Renaissance
(8th and 9th centuries), Ottonian Renaissance (10th and 11th century),
and the Renaissance of the 12th century.\n', 'The album\'s first
single, "What I\'ve Done", was released on April 2, and premiered on
MTV and Fuse within the same week. The single peaked at no. 7 on the
Billboard Hot 100. The song is also used in soundtrack for the 2007
action film, Transformers. Mike Shinoda was also featured on the
Styles of Beyond song "Second to None", which was also included in the
film. Later in the year, the band won the "Favorite Alternative
Artist" in the American Music Awards. The band also saw success with
the rest of the album\'s singles, "Bleed It Out", "Shadow of the Day",
"Given Up", and "Leave Out All the Rest", which were released
throughout 2007 and early 2008. The band also collaborated with Busta
Rhymes on his single "We Made It", which was released on April 29.\n',
'Well after the first artistic return to classicism had been
exemplified in the sculpture of Nicola Pisano, Florentine painters led
by Masaccio strove to portray the human form realistically, developing
techniques to render perspective and light more naturally. Political
philosophers, most famously Niccol  Machiavelli, sought to describe
political life as it really was, that is to understand it rationally.
A critical contribution to Italian Renaissance humanism, Giovanni Pico
della Mirandola wrote De hominis dignitate (Oration on the Dignity of
Man, 1486), a series of theses on philosophy, natural thought, faith,
and magic defended against any opponent on the grounds of reason. In
addition to studying classical Latin and Greek, Renaissance authors
also began increasingly to use vernacular languages; combined with the
introduction of the printing press, this allowed many more people
access to books, especially the Bible.\n', 'Men with untreated
hypogonadism were 2.4 times more likely than men with eugonadism to be
hospitalised if they contracted COVID-19; Hypogonad men treated with
testosterone were less likely to be hospitalised for COVID-19 than men
who were not treated for hypogonadism.\n'