'Matthias enjoyed the company of Humanists and had lively discussions
on various topics with them. The fame of his magnanimity encouraged
many scholars mostly Italian to settle in Buda. Antonio Bonfini,
Pietro Ranzano, Bartolomeo Fonzio, and Francesco Bandini spent many
years in Matthias\'s court. This circle of educated men introduced the
ideas of Neoplatonism to Hungary. Like all intellectuals of his age,
Matthias was convinced that the movements and combinations of the
stars and planets exercised influence on individuals\' life and on the
history of nations. Galeotto Marzio described him as "king and
astrologer", and Antonio Bonfini said Matthias "never did anything
without consulting the stars". Upon his request, the famous
astronomers of the age, Johannes Regiomontanus and Marcin Bylica, set
up an observatory in Buda and installed it with astrolabes and
celestial globes. Regiomontanus dedicated his book on navigation that
was used by Christopher Columbus to Matthias.\n', 'During the
Renaissance, extending from 1450 to 1650, every continent was visited
and mostly mapped by Europeans, except the south polar continent now
known as Antarctica. This development is depicted in the large world
map Nova Totius Terrarum Orbis Tabula made by the Dutch cartographer
Joan Blaeu in 1648 to commemorate the Peace of Westphalia.\n',
'Applied innovation extended to commerce. At the end of the 15th
century, Luca Pacioli published the first work on bookkeeping, making
him the founder of accounting.\n', 'In August 2020, the CDC issued a
caution that tuberculosis (TB) infections could increase the risk of
severe illness or death. The WHO recommended that people with
respiratory symptoms be screened for both diseases, as testing
positive for COVID 19 could not rule out co-infections. Some
projections have estimated that reduced TB detection due to the
pandemic could result in 6.3\xa0million additional TB cases and
1.4\xa0million TB-related deaths by 2025.\n', 'The Italian artist and
critic Giorgio Vasari (1511 1574) first used the term rinascita in his
book The Lives of the Artists (published 1550). In the book Vasari
attempted to define what he described as a break with the barbarities
of Gothic art: the arts (he held) had fallen into decay with the
collapse of the Roman Empire and only the Tuscan artists, beginning
with Cimabue (1240 1301) and Giotto (1267 1337) began to reverse this
decline in the arts. Vasari saw ancient art as central to the rebirth
of Italian art.\n', 'In late 2019, the WHO assigned emergency ICD-10
disease codes U07.1 for deaths from lab-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection
and U07.2 for deaths from clinically or epidemiologically diagnosed
COVID 19 without lab-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection.\n', 'On January
11, 2011, an updated version of Download to Donate for Haiti was
launched, called Download to Donate for Haiti V2.0, with more songs to
download. For the updated compilation, the band released Keaton
Hashimoto\'s remix of "The Catalyst" from the "Linkin Park featuring
YOU" contest.\n', 'Other periods of cultural rebirth have also been
termed "renaissances", such as the Bengal Renaissance, Tamil
Renaissance, Nepal Bhasa renaissance, al-Nahda or the Harlem
Renaissance. The term can also be used in cinema. In animation, the
Disney Renaissance is a period that spanned the years from 1989 to
1999 which saw the studio return to the level of quality not witnessed
since their Golden Age of Animation. The San Francisco Renaissance was
a vibrant period of exploratory poetry and fiction writing in that
city in the mid-20th century.\n', 'Linkin Park has remained on hiatus
since Bennington\'s death. During an Instagram live chat on December
17, 2017, Shinoda was asked whether Linkin Park would perform with a
hologram version of Bennington in the future. He replied, "Can we not
do a holographic Chester? I can\'t even wrap my head around the idea
of a holographic Chester. I\'ve actually heard other people outside
the band suggest that, and there\'s absolutely no way. I cannot fuck
with that."\n'