"The new ideals of humanism, although more secular in some aspects,
developed against a Christian backdrop, especially in the Northern
Renaissance. Much, if not most, of the new art was commissioned by or
in dedication to the Church. However, the Renaissance had a profound
effect on contemporary theology, particularly in the way people
perceived the relationship between man and God. Many of the period's
foremost theologians were followers of the humanist method, including
Erasmus, Huldrych Zwingli, Thomas More, Martin Luther, and John
Calvin.\n", 'The term Renaissance has also been used to define periods
outside of the 15th and 16th centuries. Charles H. Haskins (1870
1937), for example, made a case for a Renaissance of the 12th century.
Other historians have argued for a Carolingian Renaissance in the 8th
and 9th centuries, Ottonian Renaissance in the 10th century and for
the Timurid Renaissance of the 14th century. The Islamic Golden Age
has been also sometimes termed with the Islamic Renaissance. The
Macedonian Renaissance is a term used for a period in the Roman Empire
in the 9th-11th centuries CE. \n', 'The treatment and management of
COVID-19 combines both supportive care, which includes treatment to
relieve symptoms, fluid therapy, oxygen support as needed, and a
growing list of approved medications. Highly effective vaccines have
reduced mortality related to SARS-CoV-2; however, for those awaiting
vaccination, as well as for the estimated millions of
immunocompromised persons who are unlikely to respond robustly to
vaccination, treatment remains important.  Some people may experience
persistent symptoms or disability after recovery from the infection,
known as long COVID, but there is still limited information on the
best management and rehabilitation for this condition.\n', 'The term
"postmodernity" was first used in an academic historical context as a
general concept for a movement by Arnold J. Toynbee in an 1939 essay,
which states that "Our own Post-Modern Age has been inaugurated by the
general war of 1914 1918".\n', 'After spending a considerable time
searching for Wakefield\'s replacement, Xero recruited Arizona
vocalist Chester Bennington, who was recommended by Jeff Blue in March
1999. Bennington, formerly of a post-grunge band Grey Daze, became a
standout among applicants because of the dynamic in his singing style.
The band then agreed on changing their name from Xero to Hybrid
Theory; the newborn vocal chemistry between Shinoda and Bennington
helped revive the band, inciting them to work on new material.
Additionally, the band recruited bassist Kyle Christner to temporarily
fill in for Farrell. In May 1999, the band released a self-titled
extended play, which they circulated across internet chat-rooms and
forums with the help of an online "street team". In October 1999,
Christner was replaced by Scott Koziol and Ian Hornbeck, whom along
with Delson, provided bass tracks for the band\'s recordings.\n', 'The
transmission of the virus is carried out through virus-laden fluid
particles, or droplets, which are created in the respiratory tract,
and they are expelled by the mouth and the nose. There are three types
of transmission:  droplet  and  contact , which are associated with
large droplets, and  airborne , which is associated with small
droplets. If the droplets are above a certain critical size, they
settle faster than they evaporate, and therefore they contaminate
surfaces surrounding them. Droplets that are below a certain critical
size, evaporate faster than they settle; due to that fact, they form
nuclei that remain airborne for a long period of time over extensive
distances.\n', 'In an interview with Fuse, Shinoda confirmed that
Linkin Park had begun recording their sixth studio album in May 2013.
The band released the first single from their upcoming album, titled,
"Guilty All the Same" (featuring Rakim) on March 6, 2014, through
Shazam. The single was later released on the following day by Warner
Bros. Records and debut at No. 27 on the US Billboard Rock Airplay
charts before peaking at No. 1 on the Mainstream Rock charts in the
following weeks. Shortly after the single\'s release, the band
revealed their sixth album would be titled The Hunting Party. The
album was produced by Shinoda and Delson, who wanted to explore
musical elements from Hybrid Theory and the band\'s earlier material.
Shinoda commented the album is a "90s style of rock record". He
elaborated, "It\'s a rock record. It\'s loud and it\'s rock, but not
in the sense of what you\'ve heard before, which is more like \'90s
hardcore-punk-thrash.\' The album includes musical contributions from
rapper Rakim, Page Hamilton of Helmet, Tom Morello of Rage Against the
Machine, and Daron Malakian of System of a Down. The songs "Until
It\'s Gone", "Wastelands", "Rebellion" (featuring Daron Malakian), and
"Final Masquerade" were released as singles from the album.The Hunting
Party was released on June 13, 2014, in most countries, and later
released in the United States on June 17.\n', 'In 1606, the Dutch
navigator Willem Janszoon sailed from the East Indies in the VOC ship
Duyfken and landed in Australia. He charted about 300\xa0km of the
west coast of Cape York Peninsula in Queensland. More than thirty
Dutch expeditions followed, mapping sections of the north, west, and
south coasts. In 1642 1643, Abel Tasman circumnavigated the continent,
proving that it was not joined to the imagined south polar
continent.\n', 'Muslim logicians, most notably Avicenna and Averroes,
had inherited Greek ideas after they had invaded and conquered Egypt
and the Levant. Their translations and commentaries on these ideas
worked their way through the Arab West into Iberia and Sicily, which
became important centers for this transmission of ideas. Between the
11th and 13th centuries, many schools dedicated to the translation of
philosophical and scientific works from Classical Arabic to Medieval
Latin were established in Iberia, most notably the Toledo School of
Translators. This work of translation from Islamic culture, though
largely unplanned and disorganized, constituted one of the greatest
transmissions of ideas in history.\n', 'The French psychotherapist and
philosopher, F lix Guattari, rejected its theoretical assumptions by
arguing that the structuralist and postmodernist visions of the world
were not flexible enough to seek explanations in psychological,
social, and environmental domains at the same time.\nIn an interview
with Truls Lie, Jean Baudrillard noted: "Transmodernism, etc. are
better terms than "postmodernism". It is not about modernity; it is
about every system that has developed its mode of expression to the
extent that it surpasses itself and its own logic. This is what I am
trying to analyze." "There is no longer any ontologically secret
substance. I perceive this to be nihilism rather than
postmodernism."\n'