"Erasmus was arguably the Netherlands' best known humanist and
Catholic intellectual during the Renaissance.\n", 'Jonathan Kramer has
written that avant-garde musical compositions (which some would
consider modernist rather than postmodernist) "defy more than seduce
the listener, and they extend by potentially unsettling means the very
idea of what music is." In the 1960s, composers such as Terry Riley,
Henryk G recki, Bradley Joseph, John Adams, Steve Reich, Philip Glass,
Michael Nyman, and Lou Harrison reacted to the perceived elitism and
dissonant sound of atonal academic modernism by producing music with
simple textures and relatively consonant harmonies, whilst others,
most notably John Cage challenged the prevailing narratives of beauty
and objectivity common to Modernism.\n', "The unique political
structures of Italy during the Late Middle Ages have led some to
theorize that its unusual social climate allowed the emergence of a
rare cultural efflorescence. Italy did not exist as a political entity
in the early modern period. Instead, it was divided into smaller city-
states and territories: the Neapolitans controlled the south, the
Florentines and the Romans at the center, the Milanese and the Genoese
to the north and west respectively, and the Venetians to the east.
15th-century Italy was one of the most urbanized areas in Europe. Many
of its cities stood among the ruins of ancient Roman buildings; it
seems likely that the classical nature of the Renaissance was linked
to its origin in the Roman Empire's heartland.\n", 'Johan Huizinga
(1872 1945) acknowledged the existence of the Renaissance but
questioned whether it was a positive change. In his book The Autumn of
the Middle Ages, he argued that the Renaissance was a period of
decline from the High Middle Ages, destroying much that was important.
The Medieval Latin language, for instance, had evolved greatly from
the classical period and was still a living language used in the
church and elsewhere. The Renaissance obsession with classical purity
halted its further evolution and saw Latin revert to its classical
form. This view is however somewhat contested by recent studies.
Robert S. Lopez has contended that it was a period of deep economic
recession. Meanwhile, George Sarton and Lynn Thorndike have both
argued that scientific progress was perhaps less original than has
traditionally been supposed. Finally, Joan Kelly argued that the
Renaissance led to greater gender dichotomy, lessening the agency
women had had during the Middle Ages.\n', 'The New York Times\' Jon
Caramanica commented Linkin Park "brought the collision of hard rock
and hip-hop to its commercial and aesthetic peak" at the beginning of
the 2000s. Several rock and non-rock artists have cited Linkin Park as
an influence, including Of Mice & Men, One OK Rock, Kutless, My Heart
to Fear, Ill Ni o, Bishop Nehru, From Ashes to New, Bring Me the
Horizon, Spyair, Hardy, I Prevail, Crossfaith, AJ Tracey, the
Chainsmokers, The Devil Wears Prada, Steve Aoki, Blackbear, Halsey,
Amber Liu, Machine Gun Kelly, Billie Eilish, Starset, and the
Weeknd.\n', 'Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a contagious
disease caused by the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. The first known case was
identified in Wuhan, China, in December 2019. The disease quickly
spread worldwide, resulting in the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.\n',
'Exhaled respiratory particles can build-up within enclosed spaces
with inadequate ventilation. The risk of COVID 19 infection increases
especially in spaces where people engage in physical exertion or raise
their voice (e.g., exercising, shouting, singing) as this increases
exhalation of respiratory droplets. Prolonged exposure to these
conditions, typically more than 15 minutes, leads to higher risk of
infection.\n', 'Chest CT scans may be helpful to diagnose COVID 19 in
individuals with a high clinical suspicion of infection but are not
recommended for routine screening. Bilateral multilobar ground-glass
opacities with a peripheral, asymmetric, and posterior distribution
are common in early infection. Subpleural dominance, crazy paving
(lobular septal thickening with variable alveolar filling), and
consolidation may appear as the disease progresses. Characteristic
imaging features on chest radiographs and computed tomography (CT) of
people who are symptomatic include asymmetric peripheral ground-glass
opacities without pleural effusions.\n', "The Renaissance arrived in
the Iberian peninsula through the Mediterranean possessions of the
Aragonese Crown and the city of Valencia. Many early Spanish
Renaissance writers come from the Crown of Aragon, including Ausi s
March and Joanot Martorell. In the Crown of Castile, the early
Renaissance was heavily influenced by the Italian humanism, starting
with writers and poets such as the Marquis of Santillana, who
introduced the new Italian poetry to Spain in the early 15th century.
Other writers, such as Jorge Manrique, Fernando de Rojas, Juan del
Encina, Juan Bosc n Almog ver, and Garcilaso de la Vega, kept a close
resemblance to the Italian canon. Miguel de Cervantes's masterpiece
Don Quixote is credited as the first Western novel. Renaissance
humanism flourished in the early 16th century, with influential
writers such as philosopher Juan Luis Vives, grammarian Antonio de
Nebrija and natural historian Pedro de Mex a.\n", 'Churchmen such as
Erasmus and Luther proposed reform to the Church, often based on
humanist textual criticism of the New Testament. In October 1517,
Luther published the Ninety-five Theses, challenging papal authority
and criticizing its perceived corruption, particularly with regard to
instances of sold indulgences.i The 95 Theses led to the Reformation,
a break with the Roman Catholic Church that previously claimed
hegemony in Western Europe. Humanism and the Renaissance therefore
played a direct role in sparking the Reformation, as well as in many
other contemporaneous religious debates and conflicts.\n'