'Repurposed antiviral drugs make up most of the research into COVID 19
treatments. Other candidates in trials include vasodilators,
corticosteroids, immune therapies, lipoic acid, bevacizumab, and
recombinant angiotensin-converting enzyme 2.\n', 'Johan Huizinga (1872
1945) acknowledged the existence of the Renaissance but questioned
whether it was a positive change. In his book The Autumn of the Middle
Ages, he argued that the Renaissance was a period of decline from the
High Middle Ages, destroying much that was important. The Medieval
Latin language, for instance, had evolved greatly from the classical
period and was still a living language used in the church and
elsewhere. The Renaissance obsession with classical purity halted its
further evolution and saw Latin revert to its classical form. This
view is however somewhat contested by recent studies. Robert S. Lopez
has contended that it was a period of deep economic recession.
Meanwhile, George Sarton and Lynn Thorndike have both argued that
scientific progress was perhaps less original than has traditionally
been supposed. Finally, Joan Kelly argued that the Renaissance led to
greater gender dichotomy, lessening the agency women had had during
the Middle Ages.\n', 'Initially, postmodernism was a mode of discourse
on literature and literary criticism, commenting on the nature of
literary text, meaning, author and reader, writing, and reading.
Postmodernism developed in the mid- to late-twentieth century across
many scholarly disciplines as a departure or rejection of modernism.
As a critical practice, postmodernism employs concepts such as
hyperreality, simulacrum, trace, and difference, and rejects abstract
principles in favor of direct experience. citation needed\n', 'Tigers
and lions in zoos have become infected as a result of contact with
infected humans. As expected, monkeys and great ape species such as
orangutans can also be infected with the COVID 19 virus.\n', "Hybrid
Theory by the group was listed in the 2005 edition of the book 1001
Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, It was also ranked at #11 on
Billboard's Hot 200 Albums of the Decade. In addition the album was
included in Best of 2001 by Record Collector, The top 150 Albums of
the Generation by Rock Sound and 50 Best Rock Albums of the 2000s by
Kerrang!. The album Meteora was included in Top 200 Albums of the
Decade by Billboard at No. 36. The album sold 20 million copies
worldwide. The collaborative EP Collision Course with Jay-Z became the
second ever EP to top the Billboard 200, going on to sell over 300,000
copies in its first week after Alice in Chains' Jar of Flies in 1994.
The album Minutes to Midnight, in the United States, had the biggest
first week sales of 2007 at the time, with 625,000 albums sold. In
Canada, the album sold over 50,000 copies in its first week and
debuted at number one on the Canadian Albums Chart. Worldwide, the
album shipped over 3.3 million copies in its first four weeks of
release.\n", 'Modern Architecture, as established and developed by
Walter Gropius and Le Corbusier, was focused on:\n', 'In 1971, the
American scholar Ihab Hassan published The Dismemberment of Orpheus:
Toward a Postmodern Literature, an early work of literary criticism
from a postmodern perspective that traces the development of what he
calls "literature of silence" through Marquis de Sade, Franz Kafka,
Ernest Hemingway, Samuel Beckett, and many others, including
developments such as the Theatre of the Absurd and the nouveau
roman.\n', 'By a variety of mechanisms, the lungs are the organs most
affected in COVID 19. In people requiring hospital admission, up to
98% of CT scans performed show lung abnormalities after 28 days of
illness even if they had clinically improved. People with advanced
age, severe disease, prolonged ICU stays, or who smoke are more likely
to have long-lasting effects, including pulmonary fibrosis. Overall,
approximately one-third of those investigated after four weeks will
have findings of pulmonary fibrosis or reduced lung function as
measured by DLCO, even in asymptomatic people, but with the suggestion
of continuing improvement with the passing of more time. After severe
disease, lung function can take anywhere from three months to a year
or more to return to previous levels.\n', 'RT-PCR testing of untreated
wastewater samples from Brazil and Italy have suggested detection of
SARS-CoV-2 as early as November and December 2019, respectively, but
the methods of such sewage studies have not been optimised, many have
not been peer-reviewed, details are often missing, and there is a risk
of false positives due to contamination or if only one gene target is
detected. A September 2020 review journal article said, "The
possibility that the COVID 19 infection had already spread to Europe
at the end of last year is now indicated by abundant, even if
partially circumstantial, evidence", including pneumonia case numbers
and radiology in France and Italy in November and December.\n'