'International research on vaccines and medicines in COVID 19 is
underway by government organisations, academic groups, and industry
researchers. The CDC has classified it to require a BSL3 grade
laboratory. There has been a great deal of COVID 19 research,
involving accelerated research processes and publishing shortcuts to
meet the global demand.\n', 'Postmodernism is an intellectual stance
or mode of discourse characterized by skepticism towards elements of
the Enlightenment worldview. It questions the "grand narratives" of
modernity, rejects the certainty of knowledge and stable meaning, and
acknowledges the influence of ideology in maintaining political power.
The idea of objective claims is dismissed as na ve realism,
emphasizing the conditional nature of knowledge. Postmodernism
embraces self-referentiality, epistemological relativism, moral
relativism, pluralism, irony, irreverence, and eclecticism. It opposes
the "universal validity" of binary oppositions, stable identity,
hierarchy, and categorization.\n', "In 1533, a fourteen-year-old
Caterina de' Medici (1519 1589), born in Florence to Lorenzo de'
Medici, Duke of Urbino and Madeleine de la Tour d'Auvergne, married
Henry II of France, second son of King Francis I and Queen Claude.
Though she became famous and infamous for her role in France's
religious wars, she made a direct contribution in bringing arts,
sciences, and music (including the origins of ballet) to the French
court from her native Florence.\n", "By the 15th century, writers,
artists, and architects in Italy were well aware of the
transformations that were taking place and were using phrases such as
modi antichi (in the antique manner) or alle romana et alla antica (in
the manner of the Romans and the ancients) to describe their work. In
the 1330s Petrarch referred to pre-Christian times as antiqua
(ancient) and to the Christian period as nova (new). From Petrarch's
Italian perspective, this new period (which included his own time) was
an age of national eclipse.\nLeonardo Bruni was the first to use
tripartite periodization in his History of the Florentine People
(1442). Bruni's first two periods were based on those of Petrarch, but
he added a third period because he believed that Italy was no longer
in a state of decline. Flavio Biondo used a similar framework in
Decades of History from the Deterioration of the Roman Empire (1439
1453).\n", 'The SARS-CoV-2 virus can infect a wide range of cells and
systems of the body. COVID 19 is most known for affecting the upper
respiratory tract (sinuses, nose, and throat) and the lower
respiratory tract (windpipe and lungs). The lungs are the organs most
affected by COVID 19 because the virus accesses host cells via the
receptor for the enzyme angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), which
is most abundant on the surface of type II alveolar cells of the
lungs. The virus uses a special surface glycoprotein called a "spike"
to connect to the ACE2 receptor and enter the host cell.\n', 'The
album\'s first single, "What I\'ve Done", was released on April 2, and
premiered on MTV and Fuse within the same week. The single peaked at
no. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song is also used in soundtrack
for the 2007 action film, Transformers. Mike Shinoda was also featured
on the Styles of Beyond song "Second to None", which was also included
in the film. Later in the year, the band won the "Favorite Alternative
Artist" in the American Music Awards. The band also saw success with
the rest of the album\'s singles, "Bleed It Out", "Shadow of the Day",
"Given Up", and "Leave Out All the Rest", which were released
throughout 2007 and early 2008. The band also collaborated with Busta
Rhymes on his single "We Made It", which was released on April 29.\n',
'The rediscovery of ancient texts and the invention of the printing
press in about 1440 democratized learning and allowed a faster
propagation of more widely distributed ideas. In the first period of
the Italian Renaissance, humanists favored the study of humanities
over natural philosophy or applied mathematics, and their reverence
for classical sources further enshrined the Aristotelian and Ptolemaic
views of the universe. Writing around 1450, Nicholas Cusanus
anticipated the heliocentric worldview of Copernicus, but in a
philosophical fashion.\n', 'In February 2023, the band started an
interactive game on their website teasing the 20th anniversary of
Meteora. On February 6, they revealed a previously unreleased demo
"Lost" that was formally released on February 10, as the lead single
from the reissue of the album, released on April 7. The second single,
"Fighting Myself" was released on March 24.\n', 'Churchmen such as
Erasmus and Luther proposed reform to the Church, often based on
humanist textual criticism of the New Testament. In October 1517,
Luther published the Ninety-five Theses, challenging papal authority
and criticizing its perceived corruption, particularly with regard to
instances of sold indulgences.i The 95 Theses led to the Reformation,
a break with the Roman Catholic Church that previously claimed
hegemony in Western Europe. Humanism and the Renaissance therefore
played a direct role in sparking the Reformation, as well as in many
other contemporaneous religious debates and conflicts.\n'