'Well after the first artistic return to classicism had been
exemplified in the sculpture of Nicola Pisano, Florentine painters led
by Masaccio strove to portray the human form realistically, developing
techniques to render perspective and light more naturally. Political
philosophers, most famously Niccol  Machiavelli, sought to describe
political life as it really was, that is to understand it rationally.
A critical contribution to Italian Renaissance humanism, Giovanni Pico
della Mirandola wrote De hominis dignitate (Oration on the Dignity of
Man, 1486), a series of theses on philosophy, natural thought, faith,
and magic defended against any opponent on the grounds of reason. In
addition to studying classical Latin and Greek, Renaissance authors
also began increasingly to use vernacular languages; combined with the
introduction of the printing press, this allowed many more people
access to books, especially the Bible.\n', "In the revival of
neoplatonism, Renaissance humanists did not reject Christianity; on
the contrary, many of the Renaissance's greatest works were devoted to
it, and the Church patronized many works of Renaissance art.citation
needed But a subtle shift took place in the way that intellectuals
approached religion that was reflected in many other areas of cultural
life.better\xa0source\xa0needed In addition, many Greek Christian
works, including the Greek New Testament, were brought back from
Byzantium to Western Europe and engaged Western scholars for the first
time since late antiquity. This new engagement with Greek Christian
works, and particularly the return to the original Greek of the New
Testament promoted by humanists Lorenzo Valla and Erasmus, helped pave
the way for the Reformation.citation needed\n", "In architecture, the
huge profits of the spice trade financed a sumptuous composite style
in the first decades of the 16th century, the Manueline, incorporating
maritime elements. The primary painters were Nuno Gon alves, Greg rio
Lopes, and Vasco Fernandes. In music, Pedro de Escobar and Duarte Lobo
produced four songbooks, including the Cancioneiro de Elvas. In
literature, S  de Miranda introduced Italian forms of verse. Bernardim
Ribeiro developed pastoral romance, plays by Gil Vicente fused it with
popular culture, reporting the changing times, and Lu s de Cam es
inscribed the Portuguese feats overseas in the epic poem Os Lus adas.
Travel literature especially flourished: Jo o de Barros, Castanheda,
Ant nio Galv o, Gaspar Correia, Duarte Barbosa, and Fern o Mendes
Pinto, among others, described new lands and were translated and
spread with the new printing press. After joining the Portuguese
exploration of Brazil in 1500, Amerigo Vespucci coined the term New
World, in his letters to Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de' Medici.\n",
'Modern Architecture, as established and developed by Walter Gropius
and Le Corbusier, was focused on:\n', 'The symptoms of COVID 19 are
variable but often include fever, fatigue, cough, breathing
difficulties, loss of smell, and loss of taste. Symptoms may begin one
to fourteen days after exposure to the virus. At least a third of
people who are infected do not develop noticeable symptoms. Of those
who develop symptoms noticeable enough to be classified as patients,
most (81%) develop mild to moderate symptoms (up to mild pneumonia),
while 14% develop severe symptoms (dyspnea, hypoxia, or more than 50%
lung involvement on imaging), and 5% develop critical symptoms
(respiratory failure, shock, or multiorgan dysfunction). Older people
are at a higher risk of developing severe symptoms. Some complications
result in death. Some people continue to experience a range of effects
(long COVID) for months or years after infection, and damage to organs
has been observed. Multi-year studies are underway to further
investigate the long-term effects of the disease.\n', "The mortality
rate reflects the number of deaths within a specific demographic group
divided by the population of that demographic group. Consequently, the
mortality rate reflects the prevalence as well as the severity of the
disease within a given population. Mortality rates are highly
correlated to age, with relatively low rates for young people and
relatively high rates among the elderly. In fact, one relevant factor
of mortality rates is the age structure of the countries' populations.
For example, the case fatality rate for COVID 19 is lower in India
than in the US since India's younger population represents a larger
percentage than in the US.\n", "Those diagnosed with COVID 19 or who
believe they may be infected are advised by the CDC to stay home
except to get medical care, call ahead before visiting a healthcare
provider, wear a face mask before entering the healthcare provider's
office and when in any room or vehicle with another person, cover
coughs and sneezes with a tissue, regularly wash hands with soap and
water and avoid sharing personal household items.\n", 'Chest CT scans
may be helpful to diagnose COVID 19 in individuals with a high
clinical suspicion of infection but are not recommended for routine
screening. Bilateral multilobar ground-glass opacities with a
peripheral, asymmetric, and posterior distribution are common in early
infection. Subpleural dominance, crazy paving (lobular septal
thickening with variable alveolar filling), and consolidation may
appear as the disease progresses. Characteristic imaging features on
chest radiographs and computed tomography (CT) of people who are
symptomatic include asymmetric peripheral ground-glass opacities
without pleural effusions.\n', 'A unique characteristic of some
Renaissance libraries is that they were open to the public. These
libraries were places where ideas were exchanged and where scholarship
and reading were considered both pleasurable and beneficial to the
mind and soul. As freethinking was a hallmark of the age, many
libraries contained a wide range of writers. Classical texts could be
found alongside humanist writings. These informal associations of
intellectuals profoundly influenced Renaissance culture. Some of the
richest "bibliophiles" built libraries as temples to books and
knowledge. A number of libraries appeared as manifestations of immense
wealth joined with a love of books. In some cases, cultivated library
builders were also committed to offering others the opportunity to use
their collections. Prominent aristocrats and princes of the Church
created great libraries for the use of their courts, called "court
libraries", and were housed in lavishly designed monumental buildings
decorated with ornate woodwork, and the walls adorned with frescoes
(Murray, Stuart A.P.).\n'