'The use of passive antibodies to treat people with active COVID 19 is
also being studied. This involves the production of convalescent
serum, which consists of the liquid portion of the blood from people
who recovered from the infection and contains antibodies specific to
this virus, which is then administered to active patients. This
strategy was tried for SARS with inconclusive results. An updated
Cochrane review in May 2023 found high certainty evidence that, for
the treatment of people with moderate to severe COVID 19, convalescent
plasma did not reduce mortality or bring about symptom improvement.
There continues to be uncertainty about the safety of convalescent
plasma administration to people with COVID 19 and differing outcomes
measured in different studies limits their use in determining
efficacy.\n', 'Linkin Park also participated in numerous charitable
events, which included raising money to benefit victims of Hurricane
Charley in 2004 and later Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The band donated
$75,000 to the Special Operations Warrior Foundation in March 2004.
They also helped relief efforts for the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami
victims by staging several charity concerts and setting up an
additional fund called Music for Relief. The band participated at Live
8, a series of charitable benefit concerts set up to raise global
awareness. Alongside Jay-Z, the band performed on Live 8\'s stage in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a global audience. The band would later
be reunited with Jay-Z at the Grammy Award Ceremony 2006, during which
they performed "Numb/Encore", en route to winning a Grammy for Best
Rap/Sung Collaboration. They were joined on stage by Paul McCartney
who added verses from the song "Yesterday". They would later go on to
play at the 2006 Summer Sonic music festival, which was hosted by
Metallica in Japan.\n', "One theory that has been advanced is that the
devastation in Florence caused by the Black Death, which hit Europe
between 1348 and 1350, resulted in a shift in the world view of people
in 14th century Italy. Italy was particularly badly hit by the plague,
and it has been speculated that the resulting familiarity with death
caused thinkers to dwell more on their lives on Earth, rather than on
spirituality and the afterlife. It has also been argued that the Black
Death prompted a new wave of piety, manifested in the sponsorship of
religious works of art. However, this does not fully explain why the
Renaissance occurred specifically in Italy in the 14th century. The
Black Death was a pandemic that affected all of Europe in the ways
described, not only Italy. The Renaissance's emergence in Italy was
most likely the result of the complex interaction of the above
factors.\n", 'The demographic decline due to the plague had economic
consequences: the prices of food dropped and land values declined by
30 40% in most parts of Europe between 1350 and 1400. Landholders
faced a great loss, but for ordinary men and women it was a windfall.
The survivors of the plague found not only that the prices of food
were cheaper but also that lands were more abundant, and many of them
inherited property from their dead relatives.\n', 'In the Netherlands,
a particularly vibrant artistic culture developed. The work of Hugo
van der Goes and Jan van Eyck was particularly influential on the
development of painting in Italy, both technically with the
introduction of oil paint and canvas, and stylistically in terms of
naturalism in representation. Later, the work of Pieter Brueghel the
Elder would inspire artists to depict themes of everyday life.\n', 'In
1942, the literary critic and author H. R. Hays describes
postmodernism as a new literary form.\n', 'The amount of time that the
virus can survive depends significantly on the type of surface, the
temperature, and the humidity. Coronaviruses die very quickly when
exposed to the UV light in sunlight. Like other enveloped viruses,
SARS-CoV-2 survives longest when the temperature is at room
temperature or lower, and when the relative humidity is low
(<50%).\n', "The plague was carried by fleas on sailing vessels
returning from the ports of Asia, spreading quickly due to lack of
proper sanitation: the population of England, then about 4.2 million,
lost 1.4 million people to the bubonic plague. Florence's population
was nearly halved in the year 1347. As a result of the decimation in
the populace the value of the working class increased, and commoners
came to enjoy more freedom. To answer the increased need for labor,
workers traveled in search of the most favorable position
economically.\n", 'In the second half of the 15th century, the
Renaissance spirit spread to Germany and the Low Countries, where the
development of the printing press (ca. 1450) and Renaissance artists
such as Albrecht D rer (1471 1528) predated the influence from Italy.
In the early Protestant areas of the country humanism became closely
linked to the turmoil of the Reformation, and the art and writing of
the German Renaissance frequently reflected this dispute. However, the
Gothic style and medieval scholastic philosophy remained exclusively
until the turn of the 16th century. Emperor Maximilian I of Habsburg
(ruling 1493 1519) was the first truly Renaissance monarch of the Holy
Roman Empire.\n', "Like structuralists, post-structuralists start from
the assumption that people's identities, values, and economic
conditions determine each other rather than having intrinsic
properties that can be understood in isolation. Structuralists explore
how the subjects of their study might be described as a set of
essential relationships, schematics, or mathematical symbols. Post-
structuralism, by contrast, is characterized by new ways of thinking
through structuralism, contrary to the original form.\n"