"In stark contrast to the High Middle Ages, when Latin scholars
focused almost entirely on studying Greek and Arabic works of natural
science, philosophy and mathematics,e Renaissance scholars were most
interested in recovering and studying Latin and Greek literary,
historical, and oratorical texts. Broadly speaking, this began in the
14th century with a Latin phase, when Renaissance scholars such as
Petrarch, Coluccio Salutati (1331 1406), Niccol  de' Niccoli (1364
1437), and Poggio Bracciolini (1380 1459) scoured the libraries of
Europe in search of works by such Latin authors as Cicero, Lucretius,
Livy, and Seneca. By the early 15th century, the bulk of the surviving
such Latin literature had been recovered; the Greek phase of
Renaissance humanism was under way, as Western European scholars
turned to recovering ancient Greek literary, historical, oratorical
and theological texts.\n", 'Humanist scholars shaped the intellectual
landscape throughout the early modern period. Political philosophers
such as Niccol  Machiavelli and Thomas More revived the ideas of Greek
and Roman thinkers and applied them in critiques of contemporary
government, following the Islamic steps of Ibn Khaldun. Pico della
Mirandola wrote the "manifesto" of the Renaissance, the Oration on the
Dignity of Man, a vibrant defence of thinking.citation needed Matteo
Palmieri (1406 1475), another humanist, is most known for his work
Della vita civile ("On Civic Life"; printed 1528), which advocated
civic humanism, and for his influence in refining the Tuscan
vernacular to the same level as Latin. Palmieri drew on Roman
philosophers and theorists, especially Cicero, who, like Palmieri,
lived an active public life as a citizen and official, as well as a
theorist and philosopher and also Quintilian. Perhaps the most
succinct expression of his perspective on humanism is in a 1465 poetic
work La citt  di vita, but an earlier work, Della vita civile, is more
wide-ranging. Composed as a series of dialogues set in a country house
in the Mugello countryside outside Florence during the plague of 1430,
Palmieri expounds on the qualities of the ideal citizen. The dialogues
include ideas about how children develop mentally and physically, how
citizens can conduct themselves morally, how citizens and states can
ensure probity in public life, and an important debate on the
difference between that which is pragmatically useful and that which
is honest.citation needed\n', "Culture in the Netherlands at the end
of the 15th century was influenced by the Italian Renaissance through
trade via Bruges, which made Flanders wealthy. Its nobles commissioned
artists who became known across Europe. In science, the anatomist
Andreas Vesalius led the way; in cartography, Gerardus Mercator's map
assisted explorers and navigators. In art, Dutch and Flemish
Renaissance painting ranged from the strange work of Hieronymus Bosch
to the everyday life depictions of Pieter Brueghel the Elder.\n", "At
an early stage of the pandemic, the World Health Organization reported
estimates of IFR between 0.3% and 1%. On 2\xa0July, The WHO's chief
scientist reported that the average IFR estimate presented at a two-
day WHO expert forum was about 0.6%. In August, the WHO found that
studies incorporating data from broad serology testing in Europe
showed IFR estimates converging at approximately 0.5 1%. Firm lower
limits of IFRs have been established in a number of locations such as
New York City and Bergamo in Italy since the IFR cannot be less than
the population fatality rate. (After sufficient time however, people
can get reinfected). As of 10 July, in New York City, with a
population of 8.4\xa0million, 23,377 individuals (18,758 confirmed and
4,619 probable) have died with COVID 19 (0.3% of the population).
Antibody testing in New York City suggested an IFR of  0.9%, and
1.4%. In Bergamo province, 0.6% of the population has died. In
September 2020, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC) reported preliminary estimates of age-specific IFRs for public
health planning purposes.\n", 'A Thousand Suns was released on
September 14. The album\'s first single, "The Catalyst", was released
on August 2. The band promoted their new album by launching a concert
tour, which started on October 2010. Other singles from the album
include, "Waiting for the End", "Burning in the Skies", and
"Iridescent". Furthermore, a documentary about the album\'s
production, titled Meeting of A Thousand Suns, was available. On
August 31, 2010, it was announced that the band would perform "The
Catalyst" live for the first time at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards
on September 12, 2010. The venue of the debut live performance of the
single was Griffith Observatory, an location used in Hollywood
movies.\n', 'Pope Paul III came to the papal throne (1534 1549) after
the sack of Rome in 1527, with uncertainties prevalent in the Catholic
Church following the Reformation. Nicolaus Copernicus dedicated De
revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Celestial
Spheres) to Paul III, who became the grandfather of Alessandro
Farnese, who had paintings by Titian, Michelangelo, and Raphael, as
well as an important collection of drawings, and who commissioned the
masterpiece of Giulio Clovio, arguably the last major illuminated
manuscript, the Farnese Hours.\n', 'Transferring purified and
concentrated antibodies produced by the immune systems of those who
have recovered from COVID 19 to people who need them is being
investigated as a non-vaccine method of passive immunisation. Viral
neutralisation is the anticipated mechanism of action by which passive
antibody therapy can mediate defence against SARS-CoV-2. The spike
protein of SARS-CoV-2 is the primary target for neutralising
antibodies. As of 8\xa0August 2020, eight neutralising antibodies
targeting the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 have entered clinical
studies. It has been proposed that selection of broad-neutralising
antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV might be useful for
treating not only COVID 19 but also future SARS-related CoV
infections. Other mechanisms, however, such as antibody-dependant
cellular cytotoxicity or phagocytosis, may be possible. Other forms of
passive antibody therapy, for example, using manufactured monoclonal
antibodies, are in development.\n', 'In November 2020, the US Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) issued an emergency use authorisation for
the investigational monoclonal antibody therapy bamlanivimab for the
treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID 19. Bamlanivimab is authorised for
people with positive results of direct SARS-CoV-2 viral testing who
are twelve years of age and older weighing at least 40 kilograms
(88\xa0lb), and who are at high risk for progressing to severe COVID
19 or hospitalisation. This includes those who are 65 years of age or
older, or who have chronic medical conditions.\n', 'The intense
international exchange produced several cosmopolitan humanist
scholars, including Francisco de Holanda, Andr  de Resende, and Dami o
de G is, a friend of Erasmus who wrote with rare independence on the
reign of King Manuel I. Diogo and Andr  de Gouveia made relevant
teaching reforms via France. Foreign news and products in the
Portuguese factory in Antwerp attracted the interest of Thomas More
and Albrecht D rer to the wider world. There, profits and know-how
helped nurture the Dutch Renaissance and Golden Age, especially after
the arrival of the wealthy cultured Jewish community expelled from
Portugal.\n', 'Historian and political philosopher Quentin Skinner
points out that Otto of Freising (c. 1114 1158), a German bishop
visiting north Italy during the 12th century, noticed a widespread new
form of political and social organization, observing that Italy
appeared to have exited from feudalism so that its society was based
on merchants and commerce. Linked to this was anti-monarchical
thinking, represented in the famous early Renaissance fresco cycle The
Allegory of Good and Bad Government by Ambrogio Lorenzetti (painted
1338 1340), whose strong message is about the virtues of fairness,
justice, republicanism and good administration. Holding both Church
and Empire at bay, these city republics were devoted to notions of
liberty. Skinner reports that there were many defences of liberty such
as the Matteo Palmieri (1406 1475) celebration of Florentine genius
not only in art, sculpture and architecture, but "the remarkable
efflorescence of moral, social and political philosophy that occurred
in Florence at the same time".\n'