'The intense international exchange produced several cosmopolitan
humanist scholars, including Francisco de Holanda, Andr  de Resende,
and Dami o de G is, a friend of Erasmus who wrote with rare
independence on the reign of King Manuel I. Diogo and Andr  de Gouveia
made relevant teaching reforms via France. Foreign news and products
in the Portuguese factory in Antwerp attracted the interest of Thomas
More and Albrecht D rer to the wider world. There, profits and know-
how helped nurture the Dutch Renaissance and Golden Age, especially
after the arrival of the wealthy cultured Jewish community expelled
from Portugal.\n', 'As of December\xa02021update, there are five
dominant variants of SARS-CoV-2 spreading among global populations:
the Alpha variant (B.1.1.7, formerly called the UK variant), first
found in London and Kent, the Beta variant (B.1.351, formerly called
the South Africa variant), the Gamma variant (P.1, formerly called the
Brazil variant), the Delta variant (B.1.617.2, formerly called the
India variant), and the Omicron variant (B.1.1.529), which had spread
to 57 countries as of 7 December.\n', 'Many argue that the ideas
characterizing the Renaissance had their origin in Florence at the
turn of the 13th and 14th centuries, in particular with the writings
of Dante Alighieri (1265 1321) and Petrarch (1304 1374), as well as
the paintings of Giotto di Bondone (1267 1337). Some writers date the
Renaissance quite precisely; one proposed starting point is 1401, when
the rival geniuses Lorenzo Ghiberti and Filippo Brunelleschi competed
for the contract to build the bronze doors for the Baptistery of the
Florence Cathedral (Ghiberti then won). Others see more general
competition between artists and polymaths such as Brunelleschi,
Ghiberti, Donatello, and Masaccio for artistic commissions as sparking
the creativity of the Renaissance.\n', 'International research on
vaccines and medicines in COVID 19 is underway by government
organisations, academic groups, and industry researchers. The CDC has
classified it to require a BSL3 grade laboratory. There has been a
great deal of COVID 19 research, involving accelerated research
processes and publishing shortcuts to meet the global demand.\n',
"After the marriage in 1476 of King Matthias to Beatrice of Naples,
Buda became one of the most important artistic centers of the
Renaissance north of the Alps. The most important humanists living in
Matthias' court were Antonio Bonfini and the famous Hungarian poet
Janus Pannonius. Andr s Hess set up a printing press in Buda in 1472.
Matthias Corvinus's library, the Bibliotheca Corviniana, was Europe's
greatest collections of secular books: historical chronicles,
philosophic and scientific works in the 15th century. His library was
second only in size to the Vatican Library. (However, the Vatican
Library mainly contained Bibles and religious materials.) In 1489,
Bartolomeo della Fonte of Florence wrote that Lorenzo de' Medici
founded his own Greek-Latin library encouraged by the example of the
Hungarian king. Corvinus's library is part of UNESCO World
Heritage.\n", 'Following viral entry, COVID 19 infects the ciliated
epithelium of the nasopharynx and upper airways.\n', 'The paintings of
the Italian Renaissance differed from those of the Northern
Renaissance. Italian Renaissance artists were among the first to paint
secular scenes, breaking away from the purely religious art of
medieval painters. Northern Renaissance artists initially remained
focused on religious subjects, such as the contemporary religious
upheaval portrayed by Albrecht D rer. Later, the works of Pieter
Bruegel influenced artists to paint scenes of daily life rather than
religious or classical themes. It was also during the Northern
Renaissance that Flemish brothers Hubert and Jan van Eyck perfected
the oil painting technique, which enabled artists to produce strong
colors on a hard surface that could survive for centuries. A feature
of the Northern Renaissance was its use of the vernacular in place of
Latin or Greek, which allowed greater freedom of expression. This
movement had started in Italy with the decisive influence of Dante
Alighieri on the development of vernacular languages; in fact the
focus on writing in Italian has neglected a major source of Florentine
ideas expressed in Latin. The spread of the printing press technology
boosted the Renaissance in Northern Europe as elsewhere, with Venice
becoming a world center of printing.\n', 'After spending a
considerable time searching for Wakefield\'s replacement, Xero
recruited Arizona vocalist Chester Bennington, who was recommended by
Jeff Blue in March 1999. Bennington, formerly of a post-grunge band
Grey Daze, became a standout among applicants because of the dynamic
in his singing style. The band then agreed on changing their name from
Xero to Hybrid Theory; the newborn vocal chemistry between Shinoda and
Bennington helped revive the band, inciting them to work on new
material. Additionally, the band recruited bassist Kyle Christner to
temporarily fill in for Farrell. In May 1999, the band released a
self-titled extended play, which they circulated across internet chat-
rooms and forums with the help of an online "street team". In October
1999, Christner was replaced by Scott Koziol and Ian Hornbeck, whom
along with Delson, provided bass tracks for the band\'s
recordings.\n', 'Autopsies of people who died of COVID 19 have found
diffuse alveolar damage, and lymphocyte-containing inflammatory
infiltrates within the lung.\n', "Modernism sought to design and plan
cities that followed the logic of the new model of industrial mass
production; reverting to large-scale solutions, aesthetic
standardisation, and prefabricated design solutions. Modernism eroded
urban living by its failure to recognise differences and aim towards
homogeneous landscapes (Simonsen 1990, 57). Jane Jacobs' 1961 book The
Death and Life of Great American Cities was a sustained critique of
urban planning as it had developed within modernism and marked a
transition from modernity to postmodernity in thinking about urban
planning.\n"