'A key metric in gauging the severity of COVID 19 is the infection
fatality rate (IFR), also referred to as the infection fatality ratio
or infection fatality risk. This metric is calculated by dividing the
total number of deaths from the disease by the total number of
infected individuals; hence, in contrast to the CFR, the IFR
incorporates asymptomatic and undiagnosed infections as well as
reported cases.\n', 'A suitable environment had developed to question
classical scientific doctrine. The discovery in 1492 of the New World
by Christopher Columbus challenged the classical worldview. The works
of Ptolemy (in geography) and Galen (in medicine) were found to not
always match everyday observations. As the Reformation and Counter-
Reformation clashed, the Northern Renaissance showed a decisive shift
in focus from Aristotelean natural philosophy to chemistry and the
biological sciences (botany, anatomy, and medicine). The willingness
to question previously held truths and search for new answers resulted
in a period of major scientific advancements.\n', 'COVID-19 is mainly
transmitted when people breathe in air contaminated by
droplets/aerosols and small airborne particles containing the virus.
Infected people exhale those particles as they breathe, talk, cough,
sneeze, or sing. Transmission is more likely the closer people are.
However, infection can occur over longer distances, particularly
indoors.\n', 'Lyotard defined philosophical postmodernism in The
Postmodern Condition, writing: "Simplifying to the extreme, I define
postmodern as incredulity towards metanarratives...."\u2009 where what
he means by metanarrative (in French, grands r cits) is something like
a unified, complete, universal, and epistemically certain story about
everything that is. Against totalizing metanarratives, Lyotard and
other postmodern philosophers argue that truth is always dependent
upon historical and social context rather than being absolute and
universal and that truth is always partial and "at issue" rather than
being complete and certain.\n', 'Sociologist Rodney Stark, plays down
the Renaissance in favor of the earlier innovations of the Italian
city-states in the High Middle Ages, which married responsive
government, Christianity and the birth of capitalism. This analysis
argues that, whereas the great European states (France and Spain) were
absolute monarchies, and others were under direct Church control, the
independent city-republics of Italy took over the principles of
capitalism invented on monastic estates and set off a vast
unprecedented Commercial Revolution that preceded and financed the
Renaissance.citation needed\n', 'Thorough hand hygiene after any cough
or sneeze is required. The WHO also recommends that individuals wash
hands often with soap and water for at least twenty seconds,
especially after going to the toilet or when hands are visibly dirty,
before eating and after blowing one\'s nose. When soap and water are
not available, the CDC recommends using an alcohol-based hand
sanitiser with at least 60% alcohol. For areas where commercial hand
sanitisers are not readily available, the WHO provides two
formulations for local production. In these formulations, the
antimicrobial activity arises from ethanol or isopropanol. Hydrogen
peroxide is used to help eliminate bacterial spores in the alcohol; it
is "not an active substance for hand antisepsis". Glycerol is added as
a humectant.\n', "In the revival of neoplatonism, Renaissance
humanists did not reject Christianity; on the contrary, many of the
Renaissance's greatest works were devoted to it, and the Church
patronized many works of Renaissance art.citation needed But a subtle
shift took place in the way that intellectuals approached religion
that was reflected in many other areas of cultural
life.better\xa0source\xa0needed In addition, many Greek Christian
works, including the Greek New Testament, were brought back from
Byzantium to Western Europe and engaged Western scholars for the first
time since late antiquity. This new engagement with Greek Christian
works, and particularly the return to the original Greek of the New
Testament promoted by humanists Lorenzo Valla and Erasmus, helped pave
the way for the Reformation.citation needed\n", "Linkin Park's
influences include Limp Bizkit, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, Pearl
Jam, Stone Temple Pilots, Jane's Addiction, Nirvana, Red Hot Chili
Peppers, Nine Inch Nails, Ministry, Skinny Puppy, Machines of Loving
Grace, Metallica, Refused, Minor Threat, Fugazi, Descendents, Misfits,
Beastie Boys, Run-DMC, A Tribe Called Quest, Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock,
N.W.A, Public Enemy, KRS-One, Boogie Down Productions, Led Zeppelin,
Rage Against the Machine, and the Beatles.\n", 'The first COVID 19
vaccine was granted regulatory approval on 2\xa0December 2020 by the
UK medicines regulator MHRA. It was evaluated for emergency use
authorisation (EUA) status by the US FDA, and in several other
countries. Initially, the US National Institutes of Health guidelines
do not recommend any medication for prevention of COVID 19, before or
after exposure to the SARS-CoV-2 virus, outside the setting of a
clinical trial. Without a vaccine, other prophylactic measures, or
effective treatments, a key part of managing COVID 19 is trying to
decrease and delay the epidemic peak, known as "flattening the curve".
This is done by slowing the infection rate to decrease the risk of
health services being overwhelmed, allowing for better treatment of
active cases, and delaying additional cases until effective treatments
or a vaccine become available.\n'