'Systemic inflammation results in vasodilation, allowing inflammatory
lymphocytic and monocytic infiltration of the lung and the heart. In
particular, pathogenic GM-CSF-secreting T\xa0cells were shown to
correlate with the recruitment of inflammatory IL-6-secreting
monocytes and severe lung pathology in people with COVID 19.
Lymphocytic infiltrates have also been reported at autopsy.\n', "In
Minutes to Midnight the band experimented with their established sound
and drew influences from a wider and more varied range of genres and
styles, a process Los Angeles Times compares to a stage in U2's work.
Only two songs on the album's tracklist feature rap vocals and the
majority of the album can be considered alternative rock.\n", 'The
Swiss historian Jacob Burckhardt (1818 1897) in his The Civilization
of the Renaissance in Italy (1860), by contrast, defined the
Renaissance as the period between Giotto and Michelangelo in Italy,
that is, the 14th to mid-16th centuries. He saw in the Renaissance the
emergence of the modern spirit of individuality, which the Middle Ages
had stifled. His book was widely read and became influential in the
development of the modern interpretation of the Italian
Renaissance.\n', '\nPrior to the COVID 19 pandemic, an established
body of knowledge existed about the structure and function of
coronaviruses causing diseases like severe acute respiratory syndrome
(SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS). This knowledge
accelerated the development of various vaccine platforms in early
2020. The initial focus of SARS-CoV-2 vaccines was on preventing
symptomatic, often severe, illness. In 2020, the first COVID 19
vaccines were developed and made available to the public through
emergency authorizations and conditional approvals. Initially, most
COVID 19 vaccines were two-dose vaccines, with the sole exception
being the single-dose Janssen COVID 19 vaccine. However, immunity from
the vaccines has been found to wane over time, requiring people to get
booster doses of the vaccine to maintain protection against COVID
19.\n', 'Several COVID-19 vaccines have been approved and distributed
in various countries, many of which have initiated mass vaccination
campaigns. Other preventive measures include physical or social
distancing, quarantining, ventilation of indoor spaces, use of face
masks or coverings in public, covering coughs and sneezes, hand
washing, and keeping unwashed hands away from the face. While drugs
have been developed to inhibit the virus, the primary treatment is
still symptomatic, managing the disease through supportive care,
isolation, and experimental measures.\n', 'The word has also been
extended to other historical and cultural movements, such as the
Carolingian Renaissance (8th and 9th centuries), Ottonian Renaissance
(10th and 11th century), and the Renaissance of the 12th century.\n',
'From this changing society emerged a common, unifying musical
language, in particular the polyphonic style of the Franco-Flemish
school. The development of printing made distribution of music
possible on a wide scale. Demand for music as entertainment and as an
activity for educated amateurs increased with the emergence of a
bourgeois class. Dissemination of chansons, motets, and masses
throughout Europe coincided with the unification of polyphonic
practice into the fluid style that culminated in the second half of
the sixteenth century in the work of composers such as Palestrina,
Lassus, Victoria, and William Byrd.\n', 'Since the late 1990s, there
has been a growing sentiment in popular culture and in academia that
postmodernism "has gone out of fashion". Others argue that
postmodernism is dead in the context of current cultural
production.\n'