'COVID 19 case fatality rates are higher among men than women in most
countries. However, in a few countries like India, Nepal, Vietnam, and
Slovenia the fatality cases are higher in women than men. Globally,
men are more likely to be admitted to the ICU and more likely to die.
One meta-analysis found that globally, men were more likely to get
COVID 19 than women; there were approximately 55 men and 45 women per
100 infections (CI: 51.43 56.58).\n', "Erasmus was arguably the
Netherlands' best known humanist and Catholic intellectual during the
Renaissance.\n", 'One of the most well-known postmodernist concerns is
deconstruction, a theory for philosophy, literary criticism, and
textual analysis developed by Jacques Derrida. Derrida\'s work has
been seen as rooted in a statement found in Of Grammatology: "Il n\'y
a pas de hors-texte" ("there is nothing outside the text"). This
statement is part of a critique of "inside" and "outside" metaphors
when referring to the text, and is a corollary to the observation that
there is no "inside" of a text as well. This attention to a text\'s
unacknowledged reliance on metaphors and figures embedded within its
discourse is characteristic of Derrida\'s approach. Derrida\'s method
sometimes involves demonstrating that a given philosophical discourse
depends on binary oppositions or excluding terms that the discourse
itself has declared to be irrelevant or inapplicable. Derrida\'s
philosophy inspired a postmodern movement called deconstructivism
among architects, characterized by a design that rejects structural
"centers" and encourages decentralized play among its elements.
Derrida discontinued his involvement with the movement after the
publication of his collaborative project with architect Peter Eisenman
in Chora L Works: Jacques Derrida and Peter Eisenman.\n', 'The
intellectual scholarship regarding postmodernism and architecture is
closely linked with the writings of critic-turned-architect Charles
Jencks, beginning with lectures in the early 1970s and his essay "The
Rise of Post Modern Architecture" from 1975. His magnum opus, however,
is the book The Language of Post-Modern Architecture, first published
in 1977, and since running to seven editions. Jencks makes the point
that Post-Modernism (like Modernism) varies for each field of art, and
that for architecture it is not just a reaction to Modernism but what
he terms double coding: "Double Coding: the combination of Modern
techniques with something else (usually traditional building) in order
for architecture to communicate with the public and a concerned
minority, usually other architects." In their book, "Revisiting
Postmodernism", Terry Farrell and Adam Furman argue that postmodernism
brought a more joyous and sensual experience to the culture,
particularly in architecture.\n', 'The virus does not appear to be
able to infect pigs, ducks, or chickens at all. Mice, rats, and
rabbits, if they can be infected at all, are unlikely to be involved
in spreading the virus.\n', 'On August 22, Linkin Park announced plans
to host a tribute concert in Los Angeles to honor Bennington. The band
thanked fans for their support, stating, "The five of us are so
grateful for all of your support as we heal and build the future of
Linkin Park". The title track of One More Light was released as a
single on October 3. The band later confirmed that the concert, titled
Linkin Park and Friends: Celebrate Life in Honor of Chester
Bennington, would take place on October 27 at the Hollywood Bowl. The
event included Linkin Park\'s first performance following
Bennington\'s death. The event featured multiple guests performing
Linkin Park songs along with the band. The event was over three hours
long and was streamed live via YouTube. It has been streamed 24.7
million times as of December 2023.\n', 'Jorge Luis Borges\' (1939)
short story "Pierre Menard, Author of the Quixote", is often
considered as predicting postmodernism and is a paragon of the
ultimate parody. Samuel Beckett is also considered an important
precursor and influence. Novelists who are commonly connected with
postmodern literature include Vladimir Nabokov, William Gaddis,
Umberto Eco, Italo Calvino, Pier Vittorio Tondelli, John Hawkes,
William S. Burroughs, Kurt Vonnegut, John Barth, Robert Coover, Jean
Rhys, Donald Barthelme, E. L. Doctorow, Richard Kalich, Jerzy Kosi
ski, Don DeLillo, Thomas Pynchon (Pynchon\'s work has also been
described as high modern), Ishmael Reed, Kathy Acker, Ana Lydia Vega,
J chym Topol and Paul Auster.\n', 'In the 1970s, a disparate group of
post-structuralists in France developed a critique of modern
philosophy with roots discernible in Friedrich Nietzsche, S ren
Kierkegaard, and Martin Heidegger. Although few themselves relied upon
the term, they became known to many as postmodern theorists. Notable
figures include Jacques Derrida, Michel Foucault, Jean-Fran ois
Lyotard, Jean Baudrillard, and others. By the 1980s, this spread to
America in the work of Richard Rorty and others.\n', 'In November
2020, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued an emergency
use authorisation for the investigational monoclonal antibody therapy
bamlanivimab for the treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID 19.
Bamlanivimab is authorised for people with positive results of direct
SARS-CoV-2 viral testing who are twelve years of age and older
weighing at least 40 kilograms (88\xa0lb), and who are at high risk
for progressing to severe COVID 19 or hospitalisation. This includes
those who are 65 years of age or older, or who have chronic medical
conditions.\n', "Linkin Park returned to the recording studios in 2006
to work on new material. To produce the album, the band chose producer
Rick Rubin. Despite initially stating the album would debut sometime
in 2006, the album was delayed until 2007. The band had recorded
thirty to fifty songs in August 2006, when Shinoda stated the album
was halfway completed. Bennington later added that the new album would
stray away from their previous nu metal sound. Warner Bros. Records
officially announced that the band's third studio album, titled
Minutes to Midnight, would be released on May 15, 2007, in the United
States. After spending fourteen months working on the album, the band
members opted to further refine their album by removing five of the
original seventeen tracks. The album's title, a reference to the
Doomsday Clock, foreshadowed the band's new lyrical themes. Minutes to
Midnight sold over 623,000 copies in its first week, making it one of
the most successful debut week albums in recent years. The album also
took the top spot on the Billboard Charts.\n"