'In 1495 the Italian Renaissance arrived in France, imported by King
Charles VIII after his invasion of Italy. A factor that promoted the
spread of secularism was the inability of the Church to offer
assistance against the Black Death. Francis I imported Italian art and
artists, including Leonardo da Vinci, and built ornate palaces at
great expense. Writers such as Fran ois Rabelais, Pierre de Ronsard,
Joachim du Bellay, and Michel de Montaigne, painters such as Jean
Clouet, and musicians such as Jean Mouton also borrowed from the
spirit of the Renaissance.\n', 'Some view this as a "scientific
revolution", heralding the beginning of the modern age, others as an
acceleration of a continuous process stretching from the ancient world
to the present day. Significant scientific advances were made during
this time by Galileo Galilei, Tycho Brahe, and Johannes Kepler.
Copernicus, in De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolutions
of the Heavenly Spheres), posited that the Earth moved around the Sun.
De humani corporis fabrica (On the Workings of the Human Body) by
Andreas Vesalius, gave a new confidence to the role of dissection,
observation, and the mechanistic view of anatomy.\n', "The Black Death
caused greater upheaval to Florence's social and political structure
than later epidemics. Despite a significant number of deaths among
members of the ruling classes, the government of Florence continued to
function during this period. Formal meetings of elected
representatives were suspended during the height of the epidemic due
to the chaotic conditions in the city, but a small group of officials
was appointed to conduct the affairs of the city, which ensured
continuity of government.\n", 'The virus can cause acute myocardial
injury and chronic damage to the cardiovascular system. An acute
cardiac injury was found in 12% of infected people admitted to the
hospital in Wuhan, China, and is more frequent in severe disease.
Rates of cardiovascular symptoms are high, owing to the systemic
inflammatory response and immune system disorders during disease
progression, but acute myocardial injuries may also be related to ACE2
receptors in the heart. ACE2 receptors are highly expressed in the
heart and are involved in heart function.\n', 'There are many unknowns
for pregnant women during the COVID-19 pandemic. Given that they are
prone to have complications and severe disease infection with other
types of coronaviruses, they have been identified as a vulnerable
group and advised to take supplementary preventive measures.\n', 'In
the Middle Ages both sides of human consciousness   that which was
turned within as that which was turned without   lay dreaming or half
awake beneath a common veil. The veil was woven of faith, illusion,
and childish prepossession, through which the world and history were
seen clad in strange hues.', 'Social distancing (also known as
physical distancing) includes infection control actions intended to
slow the spread of the disease by minimising close contact between
individuals. Methods include quarantines; travel restrictions; and the
closing of schools, workplaces, stadiums, theatres, or shopping
centres. Individuals may apply social distancing methods by staying at
home, limiting travel, avoiding crowded areas, using no-contact
greetings, and physically distancing themselves from others.\n', '
Research conducted when Alpha was the dominant variant has suggested
COVID-19 may cause brain damage. Later research showed that all
variants studied (including Omicron) killed brain cells, but the exact
cells killed varied by variant. It is unknown if such damage is
temporary or permanent. Observed individuals infected with COVID-19
(most with mild cases) experienced an additional 0.2% to 2% of brain
tissue lost in regions of the brain connected to the sense of smell
compared with uninfected individuals, and the overall effect on the
brain was equivalent on average to at least one extra year of normal
ageing; infected individuals also scored lower on several cognitive
tests. All effects were more pronounced among older ages.\n', "Linkin
Park has sold more than 100 million records worldwide. The group's
first studio album Hybrid Theory is one of the best-selling albums in
the US (12\xa0million copies shipped) and worldwide (30\xa0million
copies sold). Billboard estimates that Linkin Park earned US$5 million
between May 2011 and May 2012, making them the 40th-highest-paid
musical artist. 11 of the band's singles have reached the number one
position on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart, the second-most for
any artist.\n", 'Linkin Park collaborated with Steve Aoki on the song
"Darker Than Blood" for Aoki\'s album Neon Future II, which was
released in May 2015. The first preview of the song came during
Aoki\'s performance on February 28, 2015, at the Aragon Ballroom in
Chicago, Illinois. The song was debuted on Twitch on April 13 and
released on April 14.\n'